{\rtf1\ansi\deff0{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\f1\fswiss\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604020202020204}Arial;}{\f2\fswiss\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0606020202030204}Arial Narrow;}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}{\stylesheet{\fs24 \snext0 Normal;}} \pard\plain \margl1440\margr1440 {\footer \pard\plain \tqr\tx9360 \fs20 {\tab Page }{\field{\*\fldinst PAGE}{\fldrslt 1}}{\par }}\ltrpar \sectd \ltrsect\psz1\linex2949\headery864\endnhere\titlepg\sectdefaultcl\sftnbj\sftnrestart {\headerr \ltrpar \pard\plain \ltrpar\qr Vita for John P Smith\par }{\headerf \ltrpar \pard\plain \ltrpar\qr \par }{\pard \qc\keepn {\b\fs28 Curriculum Vitae}\par }{\fs8 \pard \keepn \par }{\pard \qc\keepn {\b\fs28 John P Smith}\par }{\fs8 \pard \keepn \par }{\pard \qc\keepn February 25, 2016\par }{\fs8 \pard \keepn \par }\pard \keepn \par {\pard \qc\keepn {\b General Information}\par }\pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-2160\li2160\tx2160 University address:\tab Biology/Entomology\line Panama City Campus\line 4750 Collegiate Drive\line Florida State University\line Panama City, Florida 32405-1099\line Phone: 8507702260; Fax: 8507702760\line \par \pard \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-2160\li2160\tx2160 E-mail address:\tab jsmith@pc.fsu.edu\par \pard \pard \keepn \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-2160\li2160\tx2160 Web site:\tab pherec.org\par \pard \pard \keepn \par \pard \par \pard \keepn {\b Professional Preparation}\par \pard \keepn \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-1800\li1800\tx1800 1984\tab PhD, University of Missouri, Columbia, Missouri. Major: Entomology. Medical/Veterinary Entomology. Supervisor: Dr. Robert Hall. \par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\fi-720\li2520 Smith, John P. (1984). {\i Field Mortality of Immature Stable Flies}. Unpublished doctoral dissertation, University of Missouri, Columbia, Missouri. \par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-1800\li1800\tx1800 1979\tab M.S., University of Arkansas, Fayetteville, Arkansas. Major: Entomology. Medical Entomology. Supervisor: Dr. Max Meisch. \par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\fi-720\li2520 Smith, John P. (1979). {\i The Incidence and Seasonal Abundance of Culicidae Larvae as related to Typical Chemical, Biological, and Cultural Practises Used in Various Rice Field Ecosystems of Arkansas County}. Unpublished master's thesis, University of Arkansas, Fayetteville, Arkansas. \par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-1800\li1800\tx1800 1977\tab B.S., University of Arkansas, Fayetteville, Arkansas. Major: Agriculture. Entomology. Supervisor: Dr. Phillip Tugwell. \par \pard \pard \par \pard \par \pard \keepn {\b Nondegree Education and Training}\par \pard \keepn \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-1800\li1800\tx1800 1986\u8211?1988\tab Supervisory Training. \par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-1800\li1800\tx1800 1988\tab Management Training. \par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-1800\li1800\tx1800 1985\tab Personnel Management. \par \pard \pard \par \pard \par \pard \keepn {\b Professional Credential(s)}\par \pard \keepn \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-1800\li1800\tx1800 1988\u8211?present\tab Certified Contract Manager. \par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-1800\li1800\tx1800 1987\u8211?present\tab U.S. Environmental Protection Agency Certified Inspector. \par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-1800\li1800\tx1800 1985\u8211?present\tab Florida Public Health Pesticide Applicator Certification. \par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-1800\li1800\tx1800 1984\u8211?present\tab Entomological Society of America Board Certified Medical/Veterinary Entomologist. \par \pard \pard \par \pard \par \pard \keepn {\b Professional Experience}\par \pard \keepn \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-1800\li1800\tx1800 2011\u8211?present\tab Asst. Teaching Professor, PC_ACADSPT, Florida State University. Teach biology and biology lab; serve as interim STEM director; conduct medical entomology research; prepare grant applications; provide scientific papers and presentations.\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-1800\li1800\tx1800 1992\u8211?2011\tab Tenured Professor and Center Director, John A. Mulrennan Sr., Public Health Entomology Research and Education Center, Florida A&M University. Responsible for providing leadership and supervision of the FAMU medical entomology research center in Panama City, FL. Also conducted research and provided public outreach programs.\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-1800\li1800\tx1800 1991\u8211?1992\tab Director / Biological Administrator III, John A. Mulrennan Sr., Arthropod Research Laboratory, Florida Department of Health and Rehabilitative Services. Responsible for providing leadership and supervision of the FDHRS medical entomology research center in Panama City, FL. Also conducted research and provided public outreach programs.\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-1800\li1800\tx1800 1985\u8211?1991\tab Medical Entomologist / Contract Research Manager / Biological Administrator I, Office of Entomology Services, Florida Department of Health and Rehabilitative Services. Responsible for managing a mosquito research contract grant program and servicing as an extension medical entomology for the State Health Office.\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-1800\li1800\tx1800 1983\u8211?1985\tab Medical Entomologist / Vector Control Specialist, Environmental Health, Nebraska State Department of Health. Responsible for serving as the State's extension medical entomologist; conducted regional workshops; performed surveys of medically important arthropods; prepared extension publications.\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-1800\li1800\tx1800 1980\u8211?1983\tab PhD Graduate Research Assistant, Entomology, University of Missouri. Conducted basic research on the ecology of muscoid flies affecting livestock. Research centered on identifying and assessing impact of fly parasites, predators, and competitors. Also conducted applied research on evaluating insecticides for house/stable fly and northern fowl mite control.\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-1800\li1800\tx1800 1979\tab Research Assistant, Entomology, University of Arkansas. Conducted rice-field mosquito surveys; assisted performing mosquito larvicide and adulticide tests.\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-1800\li1800\tx1800 1977\u8211?1979\tab M.S. Graduate Research Assistant, Entomology, University of Arkansas. Conducted rice-field mosquito population ecological studies; assisted performing mosquito and horse fly larvicide and adulticide tests; served as a teaching assistant in general entomology labs.\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-1800\li1800\tx1800 1974\u8211?1977\tab Laboratory Technician, Entomology, University of Arkansas. Responsible for processing and data entry of southern pine beetle and pine tip moth samples in the forest entomology laboratory; assisted veterinary entomology laboratory in evaluating hymenopterous parasite releases for fly control in commercial chicken houses; provided curatorial assistance in the departmental entomology museum.\par \pard \pard \par \pard \par \pard \keepn {\b Honors, Awards, and Prizes}\par \pard \keepn \par \pard \keepn\fi-720\li720 CESTA Outstanding Team Award, Florida A&M University, College of Engineering Sciences, Technology, and Agriculture (2003). \par \pard \pard \fi-720\li720 Dean's Outstanding Administrator Award, Florida A&M University, College of Engineering Sciences, Technology, and Agriculture (2003). \par \pard \pard \fi-720\li720 Florida Commissioner of Agriculture Certificate of Appreciation, Florida Department of Agriculture and Consumer Services (2001). \par \pard \pard \fi-720\li720 Appointed FAMU Representative on Legislatively Appointed State Advisory Council, FDACS Florida Coordinating Council on Mosquito Control (1992). \par \pard \pard \fi-720\li720 Invited Member of California University-wide Mosquito Research Review Team, University of California (1990). \par \pard \pard \fi-720\li720 PhD Graduate Student Out-of-Country Scientific Meeting Travel Award, University of Missouri (1983). \par \pard \pard \fi-720\li720 Key's Award Nomination, University of Arkansas, College of Agriculture and Home Economics (1977). \par \pard \pard \fi-720\li720 Who's Who Nomination, University of Arkansas, College of Agriculture and Home Economics (1977). \par \pard \pard \par \pard \par \pard \keepn {\b Current Membership in Professional Organizations}\par \pard \keepn \par \pard \keepn\fi-720\li720 Alpha Gamma Rho \par \pard \pard \fi-720\li720 Alpha Zeta \par \pard \pard \fi-720\li720 American Mosquito Control Association \par \pard \pard \fi-720\li720 Entomological Society of America \par \pard \pard \fi-720\li720 Florida Mosquito Control Association \par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn \par {\pard \qc\keepn {\b Teaching}\par }\pard \keepn \par \pard \keepn {\b Courses Taught}\par \pard \keepn \par \pard \keepn\fi-720\li720 General Biology for Nonmajors (BSC1005)\par \pard \pard \keepn\fi-720\li720 General Biology Laboratory for Nonmajors (BSC1005L)\par \pard \pard \par \pard \par \pard \keepn {\b New Course Development}\par \pard \keepn \par \pard \keepn\fi-720\li720 Forensic Entomology: Case Studies and Legalities (2013)\par \pard \pard \fi-720\li720 Forensic Entomology: Field Collection Techniques (2013)\par \pard \pard \fi-720\li720 Forensic Entomology: Taxonomy and Post Mortem Interval (2013)\par \pard \pard \fi-720\li720 Introduction to Forensic Entomology (2013)\par \pard \pard \fi-720\li720 Forensic Entomology: Case Studies and Legalities (2012)\par \pard \pard \fi-720\li720 Forensic Entomology: Field Collection Techniques (2012)\par \pard \pard \fi-720\li720 Forensic Entomology: Taxonomy and Post Mortem Interval (2012)\par \pard \pard \fi-720\li720 Introduction to Forensic Entomology (2012)\par \pard \pard \par \pard \par \pard \keepn {\b Supervision of Student Research Not Related to Thesis or Dissertation}\par \pard \keepn \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Bergman, S. (Apr\u8211?Dec 2012). \par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Fritzler, J. (Apr\u8211?Dec 2012). \par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 William, A. (Apr\u8211?Dec 2012). \par \pard \pard \par \pard \par \pard \keepn {\b Additional Teaching Not Reported Elsewhere}\par \pard \keepn \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Smith, J. P. (2002). {\i Mosquito Control}. Florida A&M University. \par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Smith, J. P. (1993\u8211?1995). {\i Entomology Special Problems Courses}. Florida A&M University, College of Engineering Sciences, Technology, and Agriculture. \par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Smith, J. P. (1993\u8211?2010). {\i Southeast Regional Public Health Pest and Vector Management Conference}. Florida A&M University. \par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Smith, J. P. (1986\u8211?1991). {\i Mosquito Control Short Courses}. Florida Mosquito Control Association. \par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Smith, J. P. (1985\u8211?1991). {\i Entomology Continuing Education Training}. Florida Department of Health and Rehabilitative Services. \par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Smith, J. P. (1984). {\i Medical Entomology}. Creighton University Medical School. \par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Smith, J. P. (1984). {\i Medical Entomology}. Creighton University Medical School. \par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Smith, J. P. (1982). {\i Medical and Veterinary Entomology}. University of Missouri. \par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Smith, J. P. (1977\u8211?1978). {\i General Entomology Laboratories}. University of Arkansas Entomology Department. \par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn \par {\pard \qc\keepn {\b Research and Original Creative Work}\par }\pard \keepn \par \pard \keepn {\b Program of Research and/or Focus of Original Creative Work}\par \pard \keepn \par \pard \keepn Research focuses on mosquito and mosquito-borne disease surveillance and control including, but not limited to: identification, ecology, repellents, trapping systems, integrated pest management, biological control, efficacy assessments, and training. \par \pard \par \pard \keepn \par {\pard \qc\keepn {\b Publications}\par }\pard \keepn \par \pard \keepn {\b Refereed Journal Articles}\par \pard \keepn \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Smith, J. P., Cope, E. H., Walsh, J. D., & Hendrickson, C. D. (2010). Ineffectiveness of mass trapping for mosquito control in St. Andrews State Park, Panama City Beach, Florida. {\i J. Amer. Mosquito Control Assoc}, {\i 26}, 43-49.\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Smith, J. P., Tennnat, R. A., Jr., Kozak III, J. A., Cope, E. H., & Walsh, J. D. (2008). Trapping and serosurveillance of live wild birds for arboviruses. {\i Tech. Bull. FL Mosquito Control Assoc}, {\i 8}, 10-14.\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Smith, J. P., Walsh, J. D., Cope, E. H., Tennant, R. A., Jr., Kozak III, J. A., & Darsie, R. F., Jr. (2005). {\i Culex coronator} Dyar and Knab: A New Florida Species Record. {\i J. Amer. Mosquito Control Assoc}, {\i 22}, 330-332.\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Floore, T. G., Smith, J. P., Shaffer, K. R., & Schreiber, E. T. (2002). Laboratory bioassay studies to determine methoprene susceptibility in natural populations of {\i Ochlerotatus taeniorhynchus} from the Florida Keys. {\i J. Amer. Mosq. Control Assoc}, {\i 18}, 111-113.\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Smith, J. P., & Floore, T. G. (2001). New mosquito collection records for southern Georgia. {\i J. Entomol. Sci}, {\i 36}, 114-121.\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Smith, J. P. (1992). Lyme Disease. {\i J. FL. Mosq. Control Assoc}, {\i 63}, 35-38.\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Smith, J. P., Loyless, T. M., & Mulrennan, J. A., Jr. (1990). An update on {\i Aedes albopictus} in Florida. {\i J. Amer. Mosq. Control Assoc}, {\i 6}, 318-320.\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Hall, R. D., Smith, J. P., & Thomas, G. D. (1989). Effect of predatory arthropods on the survival of immature stable flies (Diptera: Muscidae). {\i Entomol. Soc. Amer. Misc. Publ}, {\i 74}, 33-40.\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Peacock, B. E., Smith, J. P., Gregory, P. G., Loyless, T. L., Mulrennan, J. A., Jr., Simmonds, P. R., Padgett, L., Jr., Cook, E. K., & Eddins, T. R. (1988). {\i Aedes albopictus} in Florida. {\i J. Mosq. Control Assoc}, {\i 4}, 362-365.\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Smith, J. P., Hall, R. D., & Thomas, G. D. (1988). A review of natural mortality and enemies of the stable fly (Diptera: Muscidae) in Missouri. {\i Florida Entomol}, {\i 72}, 351-360.\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Smith, J. P., Hall, R. D., & Thomas, G. D. (1987). Arthropod predators and competitors of the stable fly (Diptera: Muscidae). {\i J. Kans. Entomol. Soc}, {\i 60}, 562-567.\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Smith, J. P., Hall, R. D., & Thomas, G. D. (1987). Field parasitism of the stable fly (Diptera: Muscidae). {\i Ann. Entomol. Soc. Amer}, {\i 80}, 391-397.\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Smith, J. P. (1985). Prevalence, severity and control of head lice and scabies in Nebraska public schools and day care centers. {\i Neb. Morb. Rep}, {\i June}, 3-4.\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Smith, J. P., Hall, R. D., & Thomas, G. D. (1985). Field mortality studies of the immature stages of the stable fly (Diptera: Muscidae) in Missouri. {\i J. Environ. Entomol}, {\i 14}, 881-890.\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Smith, J. P., & Rapp, W. F. (1985). Black flies in Nebraska (Diptera: Simuliidae). {\i Proc. N. J. Mosq. Contr. Assoc. Ann. Mtg}, {\i March}, 135-136.\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Smith, J. P. (1984). The status of head lice in Nebraska public schools. {\i West Cent. Mosq. Vector Contr. Assoc. Proc}, {\i 9}, 11-14.\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Hall, R. D., Thomas, G. D., Smith, J. P., & Figg, D. E. (1983). Natural mortality of stable flies, face flies, and other Diptera associated with bovine dung in central Missouri. {\i Mo. Agric. Exp. Sta. Beef Cattle Production and Management}, {\i 103}, 63-68.\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Smith, J. P., Hall, R. D., & Fischer, F. J. (1983). Residual barn treatments using synthetic pyrethroid insecticides for the control of house flies. {\i Ins. Acar. Tests}, {\i 8}, 231-232.\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Smith, J. P., Hall, R. D., & Thomas, G. D. (1983). Natural enemies of the stable fly, {\i Stomoxys calcitrans} (L.), and their impact in Missouri (Abstract). {\i J. Kans. Entomol. Soc}, {\i 56}, 454-455.\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Smith, J. P., Hall, R. D., & English, L. M. (1981). Residual barn treatments using Atroban permethrin for the control of house flies. {\i Ins. Acar. Tests}, {\i 6}, 205.\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Meisch, M. V., Smith, J. P., & Kottkamp, W. B. (1979). Effectiveness of Bay SRA 12869 against mosquito larvae in laboratory and rice-field plot tests. {\i Ark. Farm Res}, {\i 28}, 2.\par \pard \pard \par \pard \par \pard \keepn {\b Refereed Book Chapters}\par \pard \keepn \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Smith, J. P. (2009). Mosquito Control Research: Florida Agricultural and Mechanical University, John A. Mulrennan, Sr. Public Health Entomology Research and Education Center. In C. R. Connelly, D. B. Carlson, & Florida Coordinating Council on Mosquito Control (Eds.), {\i Florida Mosquito Control: The State Of The Mission As Defined By Mosquito Controllers, Regulators, And Environmental Managers} (pp. 202-208). Vero Beach, FL, University of Florida, Institute of Food and Agricultural Sciences. Retrieved from {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "http://mosquito.ifas.ufl.edu/Documents/Florida_Mosquito_Control_White_Paper.pdf"}{\fldrslt http://mosquito.ifas.ufl.edu/Documents/Florida_Mosquito_Control_White_Paper.pdf}}\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Smith, J. P. (2004). Human Scabies. In John L. Capinera (Ed.), {\i Encyclopedia of Entomology} (pp. 1138-1139). Kluwer Academic Publishers. \par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Smith, J. P. (1999). Lyme Disease. In Florida Dept. of Health (Ed.), {\i Surveillance and Control of Selected Arthropod-borne Diseases in Florida} (pp. 1.4-1.5). Tallahassee, FL, Florida Dept. of Health. \par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Smith, J. P. (1999). Personal Protection, Tick-borne Disease, Vector Control, Tick Control. In Florida Dept. of Health (Ed.), {\i Surveillance and Control of Selected Arthropod-borne Diseases in Florida} (pp. 4.2 and 4.4). Tallahassee, FL, Florida Dept. of Heatth. \par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Smith, J. P. (1999). Tick Monitoring, Surveillance of Human Disease, Animal Disease Surveillance, Lyme Disease (pets and livestock). In Florida Dept. of Health (Ed.), {\i Surveillance and Control of Selected Arthropod-borne Diseases in Florida} (pp. 3.5-3.8, & 3.10). Tallahassee, FL, Florida Dept. of Health. \par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Smith, J. P. (1999). Tick Removal and Identification After Disease Diagnosis. In Florida Dept. of Health (Ed.), {\i Surveillance and Control of Selected Arthropod-borne Diseases in Florida} (pp. F.1-F.2). Tallahassee, FL, Florida Dept. of Health. \par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Smith, J. P. (1998). Mosquito Control Research. In Florida Coordinating Council on Mosquito Control (Ed.), {\i Florida Mosquito Control: The state of the mission as defined by mosquito controllers, regulators, and environmental managers} (pp. 207 pp). Vero Beach, FL, University of Florida, Institute of Food and Agricultural Sciences. \par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Smith, J. P., & Mehan, P. (1992). Lyme Disease. In Florida Dept. of Health HRSP 150-12 (Ed.), {\i Surveillance and Control of Diseases Spread By Mosquitoes and Ticks in Florida} (pp. 31-35 & 54-62). Tallahassee, FL, Florida Dept. of Health. \par \pard \pard \par \pard \par \pard \keepn {\b Nonrefereed Journal Articles}\par \pard \keepn \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Smith, J. (2014). Mosquitoes...More Than Just Annoying. {\i Panama City Living}, {\i Jul-Aug}, 64-65.\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Cope, E. H., & Smith, J. P. (2010). Maintenance for "Maintenance-Free" Batteries. {\i Wing Beats}, {\i 21}, 23-30.\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Smith, J. P. (2009). The Florida Contract Mosquito Control Research Program. {\i Wing Beats}, {\i 20}, 18-21.\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Smith, J. P. (2006). Dr. Jack Rogers: First Director of the John A. Mulrennan Sr., Public Health Entomology Research and Education Center. {\i Wing Beats}, {\i 17}, 11.\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Gooch, H. (2005). PHEREC Fundamentals. Interview with Dr. John Smith. {\i Pest Control Magazine}, {\i September}, 49-53. Retrieved from {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "http://www.PestControlMag.com"}{\fldrslt http://www.PestControlMag.com}}\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Smith, J. P., Petersen, J., & Floore, T. G. (2000). Mosquito Repellents. {\i Good HouseKeeping Magazine}, {\i August}, 67.\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Smith, J. P. (1999). Head Lice and Their Control. {\i FAMU-PHEREC EntGuide}, {\i 9}, 1-3.\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Smith, J. P. (1999). Human Scabies. {\i FAMU-PHEREC EntGuide}, {\i 8}, 1-2.\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Smith, J. P., Kamble, S. T., & Gold, R. E. (1986). Human Lice and Their control. {\i NebGuide G86-789}, {\i G86-789}, 1-4.\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Smith, J. P. (1985). Recommendations for Community Mosquito Control. {\i Nebr. State Hlth. Dept. Environ. Hlth. Circ}, {\i 24}, 1-2.\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Smith, J. P. (1984). Backyard Mosquito Control. {\i Nebr. State Hlth. Dept. Environ. Hlth. Circ}, {\i 24}, 1-2.\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Smith, J. P. (1984). Facts About Head Lice. {\i Nebr. State Hlth. Dept. Environ. Hlth. Circ}, {\i 25}, 1-2.\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Smith, J. P. (1984). Head Lice Control at Home. {\i Nebr. State Hlth. Dept. Environ. Hlth. Circ}, {\i 27}, 1-2.\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Smith, J. P. (1984). Head Lice Recommendations for Schools. {\i Nebr. State Hlth. Dept. Environ. Hlth. Circ}, {\i 26}, 1-2.\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Smith, J. P. (1984). Insect and Rodent Control in Food Storage Areas. {\i Nebr. State Hlth. Dept. Environ. Hlth. Circ}, {\i 17}, 1.\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Smith, J. P. (1984). Recommendations for Mosquito Insecticides. {\i Nebr. State Hlth. Dept. Environ. Hlth. Circ}, {\i 23}, 1-2.\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Smith, J. P. (1984). The Itch Mite and Human Scabies. {\i Nebr. State Hlth. Dept. Environ. Hlth. Circ}, {\i 17}, 1.\par \pard \pard \par \pard \par \pard \keepn {\b Nonrefereed Book Chapters}\par \pard \keepn \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Smith, J. P. (1991). Article on Florida Bugs. In LaFreniere, & LaFreniere (Eds.), {\i The Complete Guide to Life in Florida} (pp. 14-15). Sarasota, FL: Pineapple Press, Inc. \par \pard \pard \par \pard \par \pard \keepn {\b Nonrefereed Reports}\par \pard \keepn \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Smith, J. (2016). {\i MosquitoPaq Secure NOW Proof of Concept Study Phase I - Laboratory Trial} (Final Report). Public Health Entomology Services. \par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Smith, J. (2016). {\i Rust-Oleum In Vitro Repellent Bioassay Phase I - Laboratory Trial} (Final Report). Public Health Entomology Services. \par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Smith, J. (2015). {\i MosquitoPaq In Vitro Repellent Bioassay Phase I - Laboratory Trial} (Final Report). Public Health Entomology Services. \par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Smith, J. (2015). {\i MosquitoPaq Secure Organic No-Bite Proof of Concept Study Phase I - Laboratory Trial} (Final Report). Public Health Entomology Services. \par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Smith, J. (2014). {\i EverSafe: All Natural Mosquito Control Product Field Evaluation: Phase II - Trial #1} (Final Reoort). Public Health Entomology Services. \par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Smith, J. (2014). {\i In Vitro Laboratory Evaluation of EverSafe Repellent} (Final Report). Public Health Entomology Services. \par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Smith, J. (2014). {\i In Vitro Laboratory Evaluation of Natureza Repellent} (Final Report). Public Health Entomology Services. \par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Smith, J. (2013). {\i EverSafe: All Natural Mosquito Control Product Evaluation: Phase I - Trial #1} (Final Report). Public Health Entomology Services. \par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Smith, J. (2013). {\i EverSafe: All Natural Mosquito Control Product Evaluation: Phase I - Trial #2} (Final Report). Public Health Entomology Services. \par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Smith, J. P., & Smith, J. P. (2012). {\i Final Report: Woodstream Corporation Mosquito Magnet Executive Trap Evaluation} (Final Report). Woodstream Corporation. \par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Smith, J. P., Cope, E. H., & Walsh, J. D. (2011). {\i Rustoleum Wood Coating Mosquito Repellent Study} (Final Report). Panama City, FL; Florida A&M University Public Health Entomology Research & Education Center. \par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Smith, J. P., Cilek, J. E., Zhong, H., Petersen, J., & Bonds, J. (2010). {\i PHEREC IMPACT & VALUE: 2001-2010} (Administrative Reports). FAMU-CESTA Report. \par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Smith, J. P., Cilek, J. E., Zhong, H., Petersen, J., & Bonds, J. (2010). {\i PHEREC RESUME: Honors, Grants, Patents, Teaching, and Publications \u8211? 2001-2010} (Administrative Reports). FAMU-CESTA Report. \par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Smith, J. P., Walsh, J. D., & Cope, E. H. (2010). {\i Mosquito Repellent Test Report} (Technical Report to Channel 7 WJHG TV). Panama City, FL; Florida A&M University Public Health Entomology Research & Education Center. \par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Smith, J. P., Cope, E. H., & Walsh, J. D. (2009). {\i MK100 Mosquito Trap Evaluation Study} (Final Report to KAZ, Inc). Panama City, FL; Florida A&M University Public Health Entomology Research & Education Center. \par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Smith, J. P., Cope, E. H., Walsh, J. D., & Hendrickson, C. (2009). {\i Non-pesticidal Mosquito Control Pilot Study in St. Andrews State Park} (Final Report to Florida Dept. of Agriculture & Consumer Services). Panama City, FL; Florida A&M University Public Health Entomology Research & Education Center. \par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Smith, J. P., Cope, E. H., Walsh, J. D., & Oswald, J. (2009). {\i Spread, Larval Habitat, Seasonal Abundance, and Vector Status of }Culex coronator{\i : A New Invasive Species in Florida} (Final Report to Florida Dept. of Agriculture and Consumer Services). Panama City, FL; Florida A&M University Public Health Entomology Research & Education Center. \par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Smith, J. P., Cilek, J. E., Zhong, H., Petersen, J., Barber, J., Park, H., & Floore, T. (2008). {\i FY 2007/08 Annual Report of the FAMU/CESTA, John A. Mulrennan Sr., Public Health Entomology Research & Education Center} (Administrative report). FAMU/CESTA. \par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Smith, J. P., Cilek, J. E., Zhong, H., Petersen, J., & Bonds, J. (2008). {\i 2003 & revised 2006} (Administrative Report). PHEREC. \par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Smith, J. P., Cilek, J. E., Zhong, H., Petersen, J., & Bonds, J. (2008). {\i PHEREC 2007/2008 Annual Report} (Administrative Report). PHEREC. \par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Smith, J. P., Cilek, J. E., Zhong, H., Petersen, J., Barber, J., Park, H., & Floore, T. (2007). {\i FY 2006/2007 Annual Report of the FAMU/CESTA, John A. Mulrennan Sr., Public Health Entomology Research & Education Center} (Administrative Report). FAMU/CESTA. \par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Smith, J. P., Cope, E. H., & Walsh, J. D. (2007). {\i 2006 American Biophysics Corporation Mosquito Trap Evaluation Study} (Final Report to American Biophysics Corp). Panama City, FL; Florida A&M University Public Health Entomology Research & Education Center. \par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Smith, J. P., Cope, E. H., & Walsh, J. D. (2007). {\i KAZ Inc. Innovations Mosquito Trap Evaluation Study} (Final Report to KAZ Inc). Panama City, FL; Florida A&M University Public Health Entomology Research & Education Center. \par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Smith, J. P., Cope, E. H., & Walsh, J. D. (2007). {\i TyraTech Repellent Evaluation Studies - Amendment IV & V} (Final Report to TyraTech LLC). Panama City, FL; Florida A&M University Public Health Entomology Research & Education Center. \par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Smith, J. P., Cope, E. H., & Walsh, J. D. (2007). {\i TyraTech Repellent Evaluation Studies - Amendment VI} (Final Report to TyraTech LLC). Panama City, FL; Florida A&M University Public Health Entomology Research & Education Center. \par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Smith, J. P., Cope, E. H., Walsh, J. D., Kozak, J. A., & Tennant, R. A. (2007). {\i Mosquito-borne Disease Surveillance, Repellent, and Trapping Systems Research} (Abstract for Research Forum). Tallahassee, Florida; Florida A&M University, College of Engineering Sciences, Technology, and Agriculture. \par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Smith, J. P., Walsh, J. D., & Cope, E. H. (2007). {\i TyraTech Repellent Evaluation Studies - Amendment VII} (Final Report to TyraTech, LLC). Panama City, FL; Florida A&M University Public Health Entomology Research & Education Center. \par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Smith, J. P., Walsh, J. D., & Cope, E. H. (2006). {\i TyraTech Repellent Evaluation Studies VIII-IX} (Final Report to Tyratech, LLC). Panama City, FL; Florida A&M University Public Health Entomology Research & Education Center. \par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Smith, J. P., Walsh, J. D., & Cope, E. H. (2006). {\i TyraTech Repellent Evaluation Studies X & XI} (Final Report To TyraTech LLC). Panama City, FL; Florida A&M University Public Health Entomology Research & Education Center. \par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Smith, J. P., Walsh, J. D., & Cope, E. H. (2005). {\i XLTG Repellent Evaluation Studies-II, III & IV} (Final Report). XL Tech Group, LLC. \par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Smith, J. P., Walsh, J. D., & Cope, E. H. (2005). {\i XLTG Repellent Evaluation Studies-V-VII} (Final Report). XL Tech Group, LLC. \par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Smith, J. P. (2004). {\i Scotts Repellent Evaluation Study} (Final Report). The Scotts Company. \par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Smith, J. P., Barber, J., Greer, M., Petersen, J., Cilek, J., & Zhong, H. (2004). {\i FDACS 2003 Palm Beach Aerial Spray Validation Study Report}. FL. Dept. of Ag. & Cons. Serv. \par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Smith, J. P., Walsh, J. D., & Cope, E. H. (2004). {\i 2003 American Biophysics Corporation Trap Evaluation Project Final Report}. American Biophysics Corp. \par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Smith, J. P., Walsh, J. D., & Cope, E. H. (2004). {\i HOMS Bio Block Repellent Evaluation Studies} (Final Report). HOMS LLC. \par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Smith, J. P., Walsh, J. D., & Cope, E. H. (2004). {\i XLTG Repellent Evaluation Study-I} (Final Report). XL Tech Group, LLC. \par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Smith, J. P., & Walsh, J. D. (2003). {\i 2003 Lentek International Inc., Mosquito Trap Evaluation Project Final Report}. Lentek International Inc. \par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Smith, J. P., Walsh, J. D., & Cope, E. H. (2003). {\i Dr. Homola's Repellent Evaluation Study - II} (Final Report). Dr. Homola's Repellent Evaluation Study - II. \par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Smith, J. P., Walsh, J. D., & Cope, E. H. (2003). {\i Repellent Study} (Final Report). Lewey's Eco-Blends, Inc. \par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Smith, J. P., Walsh, J. D., & Cope, E. H. (2003). {\i Sandalwood Mosquito Stick Repellent Test} (Final Report). Compliance Services International. \par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Smith, J. P., Walsh, J. D., & Cope, E. H. (2002). {\i ABC Trap Evaluation Project} (Final Report). American Biophysics Corporation. \par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Smith, J. P., Walsh, J. D., & Cope, E. H. (2002). {\i Coleman Trap Evaluation Project} (Final Report). Coleman Corporation. \par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Smith, J. P., Walsh, J. D., & Cope, E. H. (2002). {\i CitroGuard Repellent Test} (Final Report). CitroLux Corporation. \par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Smith, J. P., Cilek, J., Zhong, H., Petersen, J., & Bonds, J. (2001). {\i 2000 PHEREC Annual Report & 2001 Plan of Work (composed Administration, Mosquito Biological & Alternative Control & Special Project Section reports)} (Administrative Report). FAMU Misc. Pub. \par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Smith, J. P., Floore, T. G., Cilek, J. E., Shaffer, K., Zhong, H., Yan, B., Walsh, B., & Henley, C. (2001). {\i Evaluation of the BugOff! Biting Insect Repellent Wrist Band} (Final Report). KAZ, Inc. \par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Smith, J. P., Walsh, J. D., & Cope, E. H. (2001). {\i ABC Trap Evaluation Project Final Report}. American Biophysics Corporation. \par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Smith, J. P. (2000). {\i 1999 PHEREC Annual Report} (Administrative Report). PHEREC. \par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Smith, J. P. (2000). {\i Annual Faculty Plan of Work & Achievement} (Administrative Report). Misc. CESTA publication. \par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Smith, J. P. (2000). {\i Center (PHEREC) Plan of Work & Achievement} (Administrative Report). Misc. CESTA publication. \par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Smith, J. P. (2000). {\i PHEREC 5-Year Program Plan} (Administrative Report). PHEREC. \par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Smith, J. P., Floore, T. G., & Peterson, J. (2000). {\i Mosquito Repellent Study} (Final Report). Good HouseKeeping. \par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Smith, J. P. (1999). {\i 1997-1999 Activity Report for the John A. Mulrennan, Sr., Public Health Entomology Research & Education Center} (Administrative Report). FAMU Misc. Pub. \par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Smith, J. P. (1999). {\i History of the John A. Mulrennan, Sr., Public Health Entomology Research & Education Center}. PHEREC. Retrieved from {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "http://pherec.org"}{\fldrslt http://pherec.org}}\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Smith, J. P., & Shaffer, K. R. (1999). {\i Evaluation of ABC Pickle Jar, Yates and Galaxie Zapper Mosquito Traps} (Final Report). American Biophysics Corporation, Inc. \par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Smith, J. P. (1998). {\i Aerosol Application of }Bacillus thuringiensis israelensis (B.t.i.){\i  for Residential Mosquito Control} (Final Report). FL. Dept. Ag. & Cons. Serv. \par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Smith, J. P. (1998). {\i Year I - Survival of Aedes albopictus eggs in Waste Tire Shreds} (Final Report). Oxford Tire of New York. \par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Smith, J. P. (1996). {\i 1995/1996 Annual Activity Report of the John A. Mulrennan, Sr. Arthropod Research Laboratory, Florida A & M University} (Administrative Report). Misc. Publ. \par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Smith, J. P. (1996). {\i JAMSARL 1996-2001 Strategic Plan} (Administrative Report). FAMU/CESTA Misc. Publ. \par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Smith, J. P. (1995). {\i 1994 Annual Report - John A. Mulrennan, Sr. Arthropod Research Laboratory, Florida A & M University} (Administrative Report). Misc. Publ. \par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Smith, J. P. (1994). {\i 1993 Annual Report - John A. Mulrennan, Sr. Arthropod Research Laboratory, Florida A & M University} (Administrative Report). Misc. Publ. \par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Smith, J. P. (1993). {\i 1992 Annual Report - John A. Mulrennan, Sr. Arthropod Research Laboratory, Florida A & M University} (Administrative Report). Misc. Publ. \par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Smith, J. P., Addison, D. S., Pierce, R. W., Day, J. F., Shroyer, D. A., McKnight, S., Chaudhry, G. R., Heck, H. H., & Kline, D. L. (1990). {\i Highlights of Contract Mosquito Control Research in Florida} (1988/89 Annual Report). Jacksonville, FL: FL. Dept. Health and Rehab. Serv., Entomol. Serv. \par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Smith, J. P., Baker, R. H., Gilmore, R. G., Heck, H. H., Kline, D. L., Nayar, J. K., & O'Meara, G. F. (1989). {\i Highlights of Contract Mosquito Control Research in Florida} (1987/88 Annual Report). Jacksonville, FL: FL. Dept. Health and Rehab. Serv., Entomol. Serv. \par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Smith, J. P., Bidlingmayer, W. L., Day, J. F., Gilmore, R. G., Lahmann, E. J., Lounibos, L. P., Morris, C. D., Rey, J. R., & Shroyer, D. A. (1988). {\i Highlights of Contract Mosquito Control Research in Florida} (1986/87 Annual Report). Jacksonville, FL: FL. Dept. Health and Rehab. Serv., Entomol. Serv. \par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Smith, J. P., Bidlingmayer, W. L., O'Meara, G. F., Gilmore, R. G., Tucker, J. W., Jr., Lahmann, E. J., & Montgomery, J. R. (1987). {\i Highlights of Contract Mosquito Control Research} (1985/86 Annual Report). Jacksonville, FL: FL. Dept. Health and Rehab. Serv., Entomol. Serv. \par \pard \pard \par \pard \par \pard \keepn {\b Nonrefereed Newsletter Articles}\par \pard \keepn \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Smith, J. P. (2007). Is Chikungunya the Next Big Thing? {\i PHEREC News}, {\i 8}, 2. \par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn \par {\pard \qc\keepn {\b Presentations}\par }\pard \keepn \par \pard \keepn {\b Invited Keynote and Plenary Presentations at Conferences}\par \pard \keepn \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Smith, J. P. (presented 1991). {\i Encephalitis in Florida}. Keynote presentation at Nebraska Mosquito and Vector Control Assoc. Ann. Mtg, Nebraska Mosquito and Vector Control Assoc, Lincoln, NE. (Regional)\par \pard \pard \par \pard \par \pard \keepn {\b Invited Presentations at Conferences}\par \pard \keepn \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Smith, J. P. (presented 2008, November). {\i Repellent Research and Technology}. Presentation at 36th Annual Meeting, South Carolina Mosquito Control Association, Myrtle Beach, SC. (National)\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Smith, J. P. (presented 2004). {\i What Kind of Help & Resource Can FAMU/PHEREC Provide?} Presentation at Northeastern FL Collaborative Meeting for Prevention & Control of West Nile Virus, Anastasia Mosquito Control District, St. Augustine, FL. (Regional)\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Smith, J. P. (presented 2002). {\i Mosquito Repellents: What Really Works?} Presentation at AL. Vector Mngmt. Society, AL. Vector Mngmt. Society, Mountain Brook, AL. (Regional)\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Smith, J. P. (presented 1992). {\i Review of the Encephalitis Outbreaks in Florida}. Presentation at Alabama Vector Mngmt. Society, Alabama Vector Mngmt, Mobile, AL. (Regional)\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Smith, J. P. (presented 1991). {\i A Proposal to Move the John A. Mulrennan, Sr. Arthropod Research Laboratory to Florida A&M University}. Presentation at FL. Mosq. Control Assoc. Fall Conf, FL. Mosq. Control Assoc, Gainesville, FL. (Regional)\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Smith, J. P. (presented 1991). {\i Future Direction of the John A. Mulrennan, Sr. Arthropod Research Laboratory}. Presentation at FL. Mosq. Control Assoc. Fall Conf, FL. Mosq. Control Assoc, Gainesville, FL. (Regional)\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Smith, J. P. (presented 1988). {\i HRS Research Review}. Presentation at Florida Anti Mosq. Assoc. Fall Conference, Florida Anti Mosquito Assoc, Ocala, Florida. (Regional)\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Smith, J. P. (presented 1984). {\i Biology and Control of Head Lice}. Presentation at Neb. Env. Hlth. Assoc, Neb. Env. Hlth. Assoc, Lincoln, Nebraska. (Local)\par \pard \pard \par \pard \par \pard \keepn {\b Invited Presentations at Symposia}\par \pard \keepn \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Smith, J. P. (accepted). Utilization of the {\i In Vitro} K&D Bioassay System with a Blood Substitute for Screening Feeding Deterrents Against {\i Aedes aegypti}. In Mustapha Debboun (Chair), {\i Repellent Symposium}. Presentation to be conducted at the meeting of Entomological Society of America, Austin, TX. (National)\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Smith, J. P. (presented 2008, November). Florida Mosquito Research Group Symposium: Research and Outreach Programs at FAMU-PHEREC. In {\i 80th Annual Meeting Florida Mosquito Control Association}. Presentation at the meeting of Florida Mosquito Control Association, Panama City, FL. (Regional)\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Smith, J. P. (presented 2008). Mosquito Control Research at FL A&M Univ., Public Health Entomology Research & Education Center in Panama City, FL. In {\i 74th Annual Meeting American Mosquito Control Association}. Presentation at the meeting of American Mosquito Control Association, Sparks, NV. (International)\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Smith, J. P. (presented 2005). Natural Product Chemistry and Testing for Mosquito Repellents. In {\i Entomol. Soc. of America Ann. Conf}. Presentation at the meeting of Entomol. Soc. of America, Ft. Lauderdale, FL. (International)\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Smith, J. P. (presented 2001). Florida's Response to West Nile Virus in 2001: The Role of the John A. Mulrennan Sr., Public Health Entomology Research and Education Center. In {\i FL. Mosquito Control Association Fall Mtg}. Presentation at the meeting of FL. Mosquito Control Association, Ft. Myers, FL. (State)\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Smith, J. P. (presented 1991). Lyme Disease. In {\i Society of Vector Ecologists Symposium - The Threat of Arthropod-borne Disease in the Southeast United States}. Presentation at the meeting of FL. Mosq. Control Assoc, Clearwater, FL. (Regional)\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Smith, J. P. (presented 1988). Symposium {\i Aedes albopictus} in Florida. In {\i American Mosq. Control Assoc. Ann. Mtg}. Presentation at the meeting of American. Mosq. Control Assoc, Denver, Colorado. (International)\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Smith, J. P. (presented 1987). HRS Perspective on the New State Surveillance Rule. In {\i Symposium Florida Anti Mosq. Assoc. Ann. Mtg}. Presentation at the meeting of Florida Anti Mosq. Assoc, Palm Beach, Florida. (Regional)\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Smith, J. P. (presented 1987). Life Tables for the Stable Fly in Missouri. In {\i Symposium FL. Ent. Soc. Ann. Mtg}. Presentation at the meeting of FL. Ent. Soc, Daytona Beach, Florida. (Regional)\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Smith, J. P. (presented 1987). Parasites of the Stable Fly and Associated Diptera. In {\i Symposium Entomol. Soc. Am. Ann. Mtg}. Presentation at the meeting of Entomol. Soc. American Assoc, Boston, Massachusetts. (International)\par \pard \pard \par \pard \par \pard \keepn {\b Refereed Presentations at Conferences}\par \pard \keepn \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Smith, J. (presented 2016, February). {\i Exploiting the K&D In Vitro Bioassay System for Evaluating New Mosquito Control Products}. Presentation at 82nd Annual Meeting American Mosquito Control Association, American Mosquito Control Association, Savannah, Georgia. (National)\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Smith, J. (presented 2015, November). {\i Comparative Repellency of Commercial Products Against Aedes aegypti Utilizing the K&D In Vitro Bioassay System}. Presentation at 63rd Annual Meeting Entomological Society of America, Entomological Society of America, Minneapolis, Minnesota. (National)\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Smith, J. (presented 2014, November). {\i Outdoor Evaluation of EverSafe, a Feeding Deterrent for Small Area Mosquito Control}. Presentation at 62nd Annual Meeting Entomological Society of America, Entomological Society of America, Portland, Oregon. (National)\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Smith, J. (presented 2014, February). {\i In Vitro Bioassay of a New Florida "Green" Product Registered for Adult Mosquito Control}. Presentation at 80th Annual Meeting American Mosquito Control Association, American Mosquito Control Association, Seattle, Washington. (National)\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Smith, J. (presented 2013, November). {\i Utilization of the In Vitro K&D Bioassay System with a Blood Substitute for Screening Feeding Deterrents Against Aedes aegypti}. Presentation at 61st Annual Meeting Entomological Society of America, Entomological Society of America, Austin, Texas. (National)\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Smith, J. P. (presented 2013, February). {\i Florida State University is Now in the Mosquito Control Research, Training, and Technical Service Business}. Presentation at 79th Annual Meeting of the American Mosquito Control Association, American Mosquito Control Association, Atlantic City, NJ. (National)\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Smith, J. P. (presented 2012, November). {\i Mosquito Control Services at Florida State University}. Presentation at Florida Mosquito Control Association Annual Meeting, Florida Mosquito Control Association, Miramar Beach, FL. (State)\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Smith, J. P. (presented 2012, February). {\i So What Happened to PHEREC and Its Services?} Presentation at American Mosquito Control Association - 78th Annual Meeting, American Mosquito Control Association, Ausin, TX. (International)\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Smith, J. P., Cope, E., & Walsh, J. (presented 2011, November). {\i Field Evaluation of the Next Generation of BG Sentinel\u174\'AE Trap: the Mosquitito\u174\'AE}. Presentation at Annual Meeting Florida Mosquito Control Association, Florida Mosquito Control Association, Jacksonville, FL. (Regional)\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Smith, J. P., Walsh, J., & Cope, E. (presented 2011, March). {\i K&D }In Vitro{\i  Assays of Commercially Available Repellents Against }Aedes aegypti.. Presentation at 77th Annual Meeting American Mosquito Control Association, American Mosquito Control Association, Anaheim, CA. (International)\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Smith, J. P., Cope, E., Walsh, J., Tennant, R., & Kozak, J. (presented 2010, December). {\i Patterns of Mosquito Abundance in Northwest Florida from 2002-2010}. Presentation at 58th Annual Meeting Entomological Society of America, Entomological Society of America, San Diego, CA. (International)\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Smith, J. P. (presented 2010, November). {\i Legislative Plans for Supporting the John A. Mulrennan Sr., Public Health Entomology Research & Education Center}. Presentation at 82nd Annual Meeting Florida Mosquito Control Association, Florida Mosquito Control Association, Duck Key, FL. (State)\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Smith, J. P., Cope, E., & Walsh, J. (presented 2010, March). {\i Comparative Species and Numbers Captured by B&G Sentinel, NZI, Mosquito Magnet X, and Stinger MK-100 Mosquito Trap Configurations}. Presentation at 76th Annual Meeting American Mosquito Control Association, American Mosquito Control Association, Lexington, KE. (International)\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Smith, J. P. (presented 2009, December). {\i Comparative }In Vivo{\i  and }In Vitro{\i  Evaluation of Commercial Repellents with the K&D Module}. Presentation at 57th Annual Meeting Entomological Society of America, Entomological Society of America, Indianapolis, IN. (International)\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Smith, J. P., Tennant, R., Kozak, J., Cope, E., & Walsh, J. (presented 2009, November). {\i Wild Bird and Mosquito Surveillance for Eastern Equine Encephalitis}. Presentation at 81st Meeting Florida Mosquito Control Association Meeting, Florida Mosquito Control Association, Tampa, FL. (Regional)\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Smith, J. P., Cope, E., & Walsh, J. (presented 2009, April). {\i Effectiveness of Mass Trapping for Mosquito Control at St. Andrews State Park}. Presentation at 75th Annual Meeting American Mosquito Control Association, American Mosquito Control Association, New Orleans, LA. (International)\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Smith, J. P., Tennnant, R., Kozak, J., Walsh, J., & Cope, E. (presented 2009, February). {\i EEE & WNV Surveillance in NW Florida. West Nile Virus: Ten Years Later}. Presentation at American Mosquito Control Association and Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, American Mosquito Control Association, Savannah, GA. (International)\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Smith, J. P., Walsh, J., & Cope, E. (presented 2008, March). {\i Comparative evaluation of several mosquito trap configurations}. Presentation at 74th Annual Meeting American Mosquito Control Association, American Mosquito Control Association, Reno, NV. (International)\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Smith, J. P., Cope, E., & Walsh, J. (presented 2007, December). {\i Insect repellent trials employing a modified K&K module technique}. Presentation at 55th Annual Meeting Entomological Society of America, Entomological Society of America, San Diego, CA. (International)\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Smith, J. P. (presented 2007, April). {\i Comparison of Wild Bird and Sentinel Chicken Serology in Monitoring EEE Activity in Walton County, FL}. Presentation at 73rd Annual Meeting American Mosquito Control Association, American Mosquito Control Association, Orlando, FL. (International)\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Smith, J. P. (presented 2007, April). {\i Efficacy and Duration of Picaridin and Oil of Lemon Eucalyptus Compared to DEET Against the Southern House Mosquito, }Culex quinquefasciatus. Presentation at Annual Meeting American Mosquito Control Association, American Mosquito Control Association, Orlando, FL. (International)\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Smith, J. P. (presented 2007, March). {\i Trapping and Bleeding Live Wild Birds for Arbovirus Surveillance}. Presentation at 4th Arbovirus Surveillance & Mosquito Control Workshop, Anastasia Mosquito Control District, St. Augustine, FL. (Regional)\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Smith, J. P., Walsh, J., & Cope, E. (presented 2006, December). {\i Laboratory efficacy and duration of two new, CDC-recommended repellents compared to DEET against the southern house mosquito, }Culex quinquefasciatus. Presentation at 54th Annual Meeting Entomological Society of America, Entomological Society of America, Indianapolis, IN. (International)\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Smith, J. P. (presented 2005, February). {\i Comparison of Species and Numbers Caught in Several Commercial and Conventional Mosquito Traps}. Presentation at American Mosquito Control Association Conference, American Mosquito Control Association, Detroit, MI. (International)\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Smith, J. P., Walsh, J., & Cope, E. (presented 2005). {\i Laboratory Comparison of Several Repellents against }Culex quinquefasciatus.. Presentation at Amer. Mosq. Control Assoc. Ann. Mtg, Amer. Mosq. Control Assoc, Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada. (International)\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Smith, J. P., Walsh, J., & Cope, E. (presented 2005). {\i Natural Product Chemistry and Testing for Mosquito Repellents}. Presentation at Entomol. Soc. Of America Ann. Conf, Entomol. Soc. Of America, Ft. Lauderdale, FL. (International)\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Smith, J. P., & Petersen, J. L. (presented 2004). {\i PHEREC Research & Extension Programs: Disease Ecology & Control Section}. Presentation at Florida Mosquito Control Association Meeting, Florida Mosquito Control Association, Kissimmee, FL. (State)\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Smith, J. P., Walsh, J., & Cope, E. (presented 2004). {\i Modification of the K&D Module Technique for Efficacy and Duration Evaluation of Commercial Repellents}. Presentation at Entomol. Soc. of America Ann. Conference, Entomol. Soc. of America, Salt Lake City, UT. (International)\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Smith, J. P., Walsh, J., & Cope, E. (presented 2004). {\i Modification of the K&D Module Technique for Efficacy and Duration Evaluation of Commercial Repellents}. Presentation at Entomol. Soc. of America Ann. Conf, Entomol. Soc. of America, Salt Lake City, UT. (International)\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Smith, J. P. (presented 2003, March). {\i Mosquito Repellents: What really works? (II)}. Presentation at AL Vector Mngmt Soc. 14th Ann. Mtg, AL Vector Mngmt Soc, Mobile, AL. (National)\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Smith, J. P., Mulla, C., & Walsh, J. (presented 2003, March). {\i DEET-alternative repellent studies}. Presentation at American Mosquito Control Assoc. 69th Ann. Mtg.;, American Mosquito Control Assoc, Minneapolis, MN. (International)\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Smith, J. P., Walsh, J., & Huss, R. (presented 2003, March). {\i Comparison of mosquito species & numbers caught in 8 commercial mosquito traps}. Presentation at American Mosquito Control Assoc. 69th Ann. Mtg, American Mosquito Control Assoc, Minneapolis, MN. (International)\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Smith, J. P. (presented 2003). {\i Arbovirus, Repellent and Trapping Systems Research}. Presentation at Florida Mosquito Control Assoc. Spring Mtg, Florida Mosquito Control Assoc, Ft. Pierce/Vero Beach, FL. (Regional)\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Smith, J. P. (presented 2003). {\i Simple, Low-Cost Arbovirus Data Handling System}. Presentation at AL. Vector Mngmt. Society, AL. Vector Mngmt. Society, Mobile, AL. (Regional)\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Smith, J. P., & Barber, J. (presented 2003). {\i Palm Beach County Aerial Spray Validation Study}. Presentation at FL. Mosq. Control Assoc. Fall Mtg, FL. Mosq. Control Assoc, Miami, FL. (Regional)\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Smith, J. P., & Walsh, J. (presented 2003). {\i Evaluation of Seven Commercial Mosquito Control Traps}. Presentation at Entomol. Soc. of America Ann. Conf, Entomol. Soc. of America, Cincinnati, OH. (International)\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Smith, J. P. (presented 2002). {\i Arbovirus Ecology and Control in the Northwest Panhandle of Florida}. Presentation at FL. Mosq. Control Assoc. Spring Mtg, FL. Mosq. Control Assoc, Cocoa Beach, FL. (Regional)\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Smith, J. P. (presented 2002). {\i Comparative Mosquito-Capturing Prowess of Several Commercial Traps}. Presentation at Entomol. Soc. of America Ann. Conf, Entomol. Soc. of America, Ft. Lauderdale, FL. (International)\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Smith, J. P. (presented 2002). {\i Field Evaluation of the Flowtron Mosquito Powertrap, American Biophysics Corporation Mosquito Magnet Residential, Pro and X Traps}. Presentation at S. E. Branch Entomol. Soc. of America Mtg, Entomol. Soc. of America, Little Rock, AR. (International)\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Smith, J. P. (presented 2002). {\i Mosquito Repellents: What Really Works?} Presentation at AL. Vector Mngmt. Society, AL. Vector Mngmt. Society, Mountain Brook, AL. (Regional)\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Smith, J. P., Petersen, J., & Floore, T. (presented 2002). {\i Evaluation of DEET-Alternative Repellents Against }Culex quinquefasciatus{\i  and }Culex nigripalpus.. Presentation at American Mosq. Control Assoc. Ann. Mtg, American Mosq. Control Assoc, Denver, CO. (International)\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Smith, J. P. (presented 2001). {\i Outdoor Evaluation of Several Commercial Mosquito Repellents \u8211? Poster Presentation}. Poster presentation at Joint Mtg. American Mosquito Control Association & Texas Mosquito Control Association, Joint Mtg. American Mosquito Control Association & Texas Mosquito Control Association, Dallas, TX. (International)\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Smith, J. P. (presented 2001). {\i Repellent Research at PHEREC}. Presentation at FL Mosquito Control Association Spring Conference, Florida Mosquito Control Association, Winter Haven, FL. (Regional)\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Smith, J. P., Floore, T., Peterson, J., & Shaffer, K. (presented 2001). {\i DEET-Alternative Mosquito Repellent Evaluations}. Presentation at Entomol. Soc. of America Ann. Conf, Entomol. Soc. of America, San Diego, CA. (International)\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Smith, J. P. (presented 2000). {\i An Update on Activities at PHEREC}. Presentation at 72nd Annual Mtg Florida Mosquito Control Association, Florida Mosquito Control Association, Panama City Beach, FL. (Regional)\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Smith, J. P., Floore, T. G., Peterson, J., & Shaffer, K. R. (presented 2000). {\i Outdoor Evaluation of Several Commercial Mosquito Repellents-Poster Presentation}. Poster presentation at 2000 Joint Mtg Entomological Society of Canada & Entomological Society of America, Entomological Society of Canada & Entomological Society of America, Montreal, Quebec, Canada. (International)\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Smith, J. P., & Shaffer, K. R. (presented 2000). {\i A Better Trap for Arbovirus Surveillance: 1999 & 2000 Studies}. Presentation at Florida Mosquito Control Association Spring Conference, Florida Mosquito Control Association, Safety Harbor, FL. (Regional)\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Smith, J. P., & Shaffer, K. R. (presented 2000). {\i Season-long Field Evaluation of American Biophysics Corporation Light Traps}. Presentation at Joint Mtg of the 66th Annual Mtg. American Mosquito Control Association & 87th Annual Mtg. New Jersey Mosquiito Association, Inc, American Mosquito Control Association & New Jersey Mosquiito Association, Inc, Atlantic City, NJ. (International)\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Smith, J. P. (presented 1999). {\i Efficacy of Ground-applied ULV B.t.i. on the Control of }Aedes albopictus{\i  & }Culex quinquefasciatus{\i  in a Residential Setting}. Poster presentation at 65th Annual Mtg. of the American Mosquito Control Association, American Mosquito Control Association, St. Louis, MO. (International)\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Smith, J. P. (presented 1999). {\i Evaluation of two CO2 Enhanced Mosquito Trapping Systems}. Presentation at Entomological Soc. of America Ann. Conf, Entomological Soc. of America, Atlanta, GA. (International)\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Smith, J. P., Floore, T. G., Shaffer, K. R., & Grimes, B. (presented 1998). {\i Aerosol Application of }Bacillus thuringiensis israelensis{\i  for Residential Mosquito Control}. Poster presentation at Joint Annual Mtg. Of the Entomological Society of America & American Phytophathological Society, Entomological Society of America & American Phytophathological Society, Las Vegas, NV. (International)\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Smith, J. P., Floore, T. G., Shaffer, K. R., & Grimes, B. (presented 1998). {\i Evaluation of Ground-based ULV Applications of }B.t.i. Presentation at FL Mosquito Control Association 70th Annual Mtg, FL Mosquito Control Association, Clearwater, FL. (Regional)\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Smith, J. P. (presented 1997). {\i Arbovirus Surveillance in the Tropical Storm Alberto/Hurricane Opal Impacted Region of Florida}. Presentation at 63rd Ann. Mtg. Amer. Mosq. Contr. Assoc, Amer. Mosq. Contr. Assoc, Salt Lake City, UT. (International)\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Smith, J. P. (presented 1997). {\i Mosquito and Arbovirus Surveillance Activities During 1997}. Presentation at 69th Ann. Mtg. FL. Mosq. Contr. Assoc. Ann. Mtg, FL. Mosq. Contr. Assoc, St. Augustine, FL. (Regional)\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Smith, J. P., & Floore, T. (presented 1997). {\i Efficacy of Ground Applied ULV }B.t.i.{\i  Against Domestic Mosquitoes in a Residential Setting}. Presentation at AMCA 64th Annual Meeting, AMCA, Sparks, NV. (International)\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Smith, J. P., Floore, T., Shaffer, K., & Grimes, B. (presented 1997). {\i Evaluation of Ground Based ULV }B.t.i.. Presentation at FMCA 70th Annual Meeting, FL. Mosq. Contr. Assoc, Clearwater, FL. (Regional)\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Smith, J. P. (presented 1996). {\i 1994-1996 Arbovirus Surveillance in the Central Panhandle Flood-Disaster Region}. Presentation at 68th Ann. Mtg. FL. Mosq. Contr. Assoc, FL. Mosq. Contr. Assoc, Kissimmee, FL. (Regional)\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Smith, J. P. (presented 1995). {\i Arbovirus Surveillance in Conjunction with Tropical Storm Alberto in the Florida Panhandle}. Presentation at Amer. Mosq. Contr. Assoc. Ann. Mtg, Amer. Mosq. Contr. Assoc, Portland, OR. (International)\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Smith, J. P. (presented 1995). {\i Central Panhandle Flood Disaster Arbovirus Surveillance Program}. Presentation at FL. Mosq. Contr. Assoc. Ann. Mtg, FL. Mosq. Contr. Assoc, Key West, FL. (Regional)\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Smith, J. P. (presented 1995). {\i Emergency Arbovirus Surveillance in Flood-Disaster Areas of the Florida Panhandle (Display)}. Presentation at Entomol. Soc. of Amer. Ann. Mtg, Entomol. Soc. of Amer, Las Vegas, NV. (International)\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Smith, J. P. (presented 1994). {\i Mosquito-borne Disease Surveillance Associated with Tropical Storm Alberto in Northwest Florida}. Presentation at Annual Mtg. Entomol. Soc. of Amer, Entomol. Soc. of Amer, Dallas, TX. (International)\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Smith, J. P. (presented 1994). {\i New Research, Extension and Eductional Initiatives at the John A. Mulrennan, Sr. Arthropod Research Laboratory}. Presentation at Combined Ann. Mtg. of the Amer. Mosq. Control Assoc. and the CA Mosq. Control Assoc, Amer. Mosq. Control Assoc. and the CA Mosq. Control Assoc, San Diego, CA. (International)\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Smith, J. P. (presented 1993). {\i JAMSARL Research and Educational Activities}. Presentation at FL. Mosq. Control Association Fall Conference, FL. Mosq. Control Association, Ocala, FL. (Regional)\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Smith, J. P. (presented 1992). {\i Highlights of the Contract Research Program}. Presentation at FL. Mosq. Control Assoc. Mtg, FL. Mosq. Control Assoc, Cocoa Beach, FL. (Regional)\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Smith, J. P. (presented 1992). {\i The John A. Mulrennan, Sr. Arthropod Research Laboratory}. Presentation at Amer. Mosq. Control Association Ann. Mtg, Amer. Mosq. Control Association, Corpus Christi, TX. (International)\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Smith, J. P. (presented 1992). {\i The John A. Mulrennan, Sr., Research Laboratory}. Presentation at FL. Mosq. Control Assoc. Ann. Mtg, FL. Mosq. Control Assoc, Cocoa Beach, FL. (Regional)\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Smith, J. P. (presented 1991). {\i Status on SLE, }Aedes albopictus{\i , Lyme Disease and Contract Mosquito Control Research During 1990 in Florida}. Presentation at American Mosq. Control Assoc. Ann. Mtg, American Mosq. Control Assoc, New Orleans, LA. (International)\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Smith, J. P. (presented 1991). {\i The Florida Contract Mosquito Research Program}. Presentation at FL. Mosq. Control Assoc. Ann. Mtg, FL. Mosq. Control Assoc, Clearwater, FL. (Regional)\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Smith, J. P. (presented 1990). Aedes albopictus{\i  and Tire Shreds}. Presentation at FL. Mosq. Control. Assoc. Ann. Mtg, FL. Mosq. Control. Assoc, Ocala, FL. (Regional)\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Smith, J. P. (presented 1990). {\i Contract Research Programs}. Presentation at FL. Mosq. Control Assoc. Fall Conf, FL. Mosq. Control Assoc, Vero Beach, FL. (Regional)\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Smith, J. P. (presented 1990). {\i The Florida Contract Mosquito Control Research Program}. Presentation at Amer. Mosq. Control Assoc. Ann. Mtg, American Mosq. Control Assoc, Lexington, Kentucky. (International)\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Smith, J. P. (presented 1989). {\i An Update on Aedes albopictus in Florida}. Presentation at Florida Anti-Mosq. Contr. Assoc. Ann. Mtg, Florida Anti-Mosq. Contr. Assoc, Orlando, Florida. (Regional)\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Smith, J. P. (presented 1989). {\i Tire Shreds: A Potentially Hazardous Waste Product}. Presentation at American Mosq. Contr. Assoc. Ann. Mtg, American Mosq. Contr. Assoc, Cambridge, Massachusetts. (International)\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Smith, J. P. (presented 1988). Aedes albopictus{\i  in Florida}. Presentation at Florida Anti-Mosq. Assoc. Ann. Mtg, Florida Anti-Mosq. Assoc, Pensacola, Florida. (Regional)\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Smith, J. P., Hall, R., & Thomas, G. (presented 1986). {\i Status of Predators and Competitors of the Stable Fly}. Presentation at ESA Nat. Conf, ESA Nat. Conf, Reno, Nevada. (National)\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Smith, J. P. (presented 1985). {\i The Prevalence, Severity and Control of Head Lice and Scabies in Nebraska Public Schools and Day Care Centers}. Presentation at West Cent. Mosq. Vect. Contr. Assoc. Ann Mtg, West Cent. Mosq. Vect. Contr. Assoc, Albuquerque, New Mexico. (Regional)\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Smith, J. P., & Rapp, W. (presented 1985). {\i Black flies in Nebraska}. Presentation at American Mosq. Contr. Assoc. Ann. Mtg, American Mosq. Contr. Assoc, Atlantic City, New Jersey. (International)\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Smith, J. P. (presented 1984). {\i Black Flies--A Spring Pest in Nebraska}. Presentation at Nebr. Mosq. Vect. Contr. Assoc. Ann. Mtg, Nebr. Mosq. Vect. Contr. Assoc, York, Nebraska. (Regional)\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Smith, J. P. (presented 1984). {\i Head Lice and Their Control}. Presentation at Nebr. Mosq. and Vect. Contr. Assoc. Ann. Mtg, Nebr. Mosq. and Vect. Contr. Assoc, York, Nebraska. (Regional)\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Smith, J. P. (presented 1984). {\i The Stable Fly as a Human and Animal Health Pest in Urban, Suburban and Recreational Settings}. Presentation at American Mosq. Contr. Assoc. Ann. Mtg, American Mosq. Contr. Assoc, Toronto, Ontario, Canada. (International)\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Smith, J. P. (presented 1984). {\i The Status of Head Lice in Nebraska Public Schools}. Presentation at West Cent. Mosq. Vect. Contr. Assoc. Ann. Mtg, West Cent. Mosq. Vect. Contr. Assoc, Ft. Collins, Colorado. (Regional)\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Smith, J. P. (presented 1983). {\i Mosquito Larvicides}. Presentation at Nebr. Mosq. Vect. Contr. Assoc. Ann. Mtg, Nebr. Mosq. Vect. Contr. Assoc, Hastings, Nebraska. (Regional)\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Smith, J. P., Hall, R. D., & Thomas, G. D. (presented 1983). {\i Natural Enemies of the Stable Fly, }Stomoxys calcitrans{\i  (L.), and Their Impact in Missouri}. Presentation at 59th Ann. Mtg. Cent. States (Kansas) Entomol. Soc, Cent. States (Kansas) Entomol. Soc, Columbia, Missouri. (Regional)\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Smith, J. P., & Hall, R. D. (presented 1982). {\i Mortality by Instar of Developing Stable Fly Populations}. Presentation at Ann. Work Conf. on Stable Fly Res, Ann. Work Conf. on Stable Fly Res, Columbia, Missouri. (Regional)\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Smith, J. P., Hall, R. D., & Thomas, G. D. (presented 1982). {\i Immature Field Mortality of the Stable Fly, }Stomoxys calcitrans{\i  (L.), in Central Missouri}. Presentation at Combined Mtg. Entomol. Soc. Amer, Entomol. Soc. Can., and Entomol. Soc. Ontario, Combined Mtg. Entomol. Soc. Amer, Entomol. Soc. Can., and Entomol. Soc. Ontario, Toronto, Ontario, Canada. (International)\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Smith, J. P., & Hall, R. D. (presented 1981). {\i Impact of Natural Enemies on Developing Stable Fly Populations}. Presentation at Ann. Work Conf. on Stable Fly Res, Ann. Work Conf. on Stable Fly Res, Lincoln, Nebraska. (Regional)\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Smith, J. P., & Hall, R. D. (presented 1981). {\i Summary of 1980 and 1981 Research Conducted on the Natural Mortality of the Stable Fly In Missouri}. Presentation at Ann. Livestock Insect Workshop, Ann. Livestock Insect Workshop, Fayetteville, Arkansas. (Regional)\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Smith, J. P., & Hall, R. D. (presented 1980). {\i Highlights of 1980 Stable Fly Mortality Studies in Missouri}. Presentation at 1st Ann. Work Conf. on Stable Fly Res, 1st Ann. Work Conf. on Stable Fly Res, Lincoln, Nebraska. (Regional)\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Smith, J. P., & Meisch, M. V. (presented 1979). {\i Incidence and Abundance of Mosquito Larvae and Other Aquatic Fauna in Arkansas Rice Fields}. Presentation at Amer. Mosq. Contr. Assoc. Ann. Mtg, American Mosq. Contr. Assoc, Washington, D.C. (International)\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Smith, J. P., & Meisch, M. V. (presented 1979). {\i Incidence and Abundance of Mosquitoes from Arkansas County Rice Fields}. Presentation at Ark. Agr. Pest. Assoc. Ann. Tech. Mtg, Ark. Agr. Pest. Assoc, Fayetteville, Arkansas. (Regional)\par \pard \pard \par \pard \par \pard \keepn {\b Refereed Presentations at Symposia}\par \pard \keepn \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Smith, J. P. (presented 2008, November). Disease Ecology and Surveillance. In {\i 80th Annual Meeting Florida Mosquito Control Association}. Presentation at the meeting of Florida Mosquito Control Association, Panama City, FL. (Regional)\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Smith, J. P. (presented 2003). PHEREC Symposium: Research, Extension & Education Programs. In {\i PHEREC Symposium: Research, Extension & Education Programs}. Presentation at the meeting of FL. Mosq. Control Assoc, Miami, FL. (Regional)\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Smith, J. P. (presented 2002). Disease Ecology & Control Research. In {\i PHEREC 2002 Research, Extension & Education Programs}. Presentation at the meeting of Florida Mosquito Control Association Fall Meeting, Amelia Island, FL. (Regional)\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Smith, J. P. (presented 2001). Administrative Update and Disease Ecology & Control Research Highlights. In {\i Symposium: PHEREC 2001 Research, Extension and Education Programs}. Presentation at the meeting of Florida Mosquito Control Association, Ft. Myers, FL. (Regional)\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Smith, J. P. (presented 2001). PHEREC Administrative Program & Special Projects Section Review. In {\i PHEREC Research Advisory Committee Mtg}. Presentation at the meeting of PHEREC Research Advisory Committee, Orlando, FL. (Regional)\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Smith, J. P. (presented 2000). An Update on Activities at PHEREC. 2000. In {\i 72nd Annual Mtg Florida Mosquito Control Association}. Presentation at the meeting of Florida Mosquito Control Association, Panama City Beach, FL. (Regional)\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Smith, J. P. (presented 2000). Symposium-Research, Extension & Educational Programs at PHEREC. Special Project Section. In {\i 72nd Annual Mtg Florida Mosquito Control Association}. Presentation at the meeting of Florida Mosquito Control Association, Panama City Beach, FL. (Regional)\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Smith, J. P. (presented 1999). Symposium & Panel Discussion: History, Future Direction and Proposal for Mosquito Resistance Testing in Florida. In Smith, J. P (Chair), {\i History, Future Direction and Proposal for Mosquito Resistance Testing in Florida}. Presentation at the meeting of FL Mosquito Control Association Mtg, Crystal River, FL. (Regional)\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Smith, J. P. (presented 1998). Symposium: PHEREC Programs: 1998 in Review. Introduction and Administrative Activities. In Smith, J. P (Chair), {\i FL. Mosquito Control Association 70th Annual Mtg}. Presentation at the meeting of FL. Mosquito Control Association, Clearwater, FL. (Regional)\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Smith, J. P. (presented 1997). Research, Education and Extension Programs at the Arthropod Research Laboratory Benefiting Florida Mosquito Control Agencies during 1997. Overview, Geographic Coverage Area and New Administrative Directions & Mosquito Larvicide Programs. In Smith, J. P (Chair), {\i 69th Ann. Mtg. FL. Mosq. Contr. Assoc. Ann. Mtg}. Presentation at the meeting of FL. Mosq. Contr. Assoc, St. Augustine, FL. (Regional)\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Smith, J. P., & Floore, T. (presented 1997). Mosquito Larvicide Section Activities. In {\i FMCA 70th Annual Meeting}. Presentation at the meeting of FMCA, Clearwater, FL. (Regional)\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Smith, J. P., & Floore, T. G. (presented 1997). Mosquito Larvicide Section. John A. Mulrennan, Sr. Arthropod Research Laboratory. In {\i Annual Florida Mosquito Control Association Meeting}. Presentation at the meeting of Florida Mosquito Control Association, St. Augustine, FL. (Regional)\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Smith, J. P. (presented 1996). Symposium- Panama City Arthropod Research Laboratory Research, Education and Extension Activities Benefiting Florida Mosquito Control Agencies During 1996. In Smith, J. P (Chair), {\i 68th Ann. Mtg. FL. Mosq. Contr. Assoc. Ann. Mtg}. Presentation at the meeting of FL. Mosq. Contr. Assoc, Panama City, FL. (Regional)\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Smith, J. P. (presented 1995). Symposium- Progress at JAMSARL During 1995: Operational Changes and Programs. In Smith, J. P (Chair), {\i FL. Mosq. Contr. Assoc. Ann. Mtg}. Presentation at the meeting of FL. Mosq. Contr. Assoc, Key West, FL. (Regional)\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Smith, J. P. (presented 1994). Symposium organizer. 1994 In Review. In Smith, J. P (Chair), {\i Contribution of JAMSARL Staff to Florida Mosquito Control. Administrative and Extension Activities. FL Mosq. Contr. Assoc. Ann. Mtg}. Presentation at the meeting of FL Mosq. Contr. Assoc. Ann. Mtg, Sandestin, FL. (Regional)\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Smith, J. P. (presented 1993). Paper given on highlights of JAMSARL administrative accomplishments. In Smith, J. P (Chair), {\i Symposium -- John A. Mulrennan, Sr. Arthropod Research Laboratory Update}. Presentation at the meeting of Amer. Mosq. Control Assoc. and the FL. Mosq. Control Assoc, Ft. Myers, FL. (International)\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Smith, J. P. (presented 1992). Symposium -- HRS 1990/91 Contract Research Reports. In Smith, J. P (Chair), {\i FL. Mosq. Control Assoc. Ann. Mtg}. Presentation at the meeting of FL. Mosq. Control Assoc, Cocoa Beach, FL. (Regional)\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Smith, J. P. (presented 1992). Symposium -- Status of the Panama City John A. Mulrennan, Sr. Arthropod Research Laboratory & Dog Fly Control Programs. In {\i Symposium -- Status of the Panama City John A. Mulrennan, Sr. Arthropod Research Laboratory & Dog Fly Control Programs}. Presentation at the meeting of FL. Mosq. Control Assoc, Cocoa Beach, FL. (Regional)\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Smith, J. P. (presented 1991). Reports on DHRS Mosquito Control Contracts Symposium. In Smith, J. P (Chair), {\i FL. Mosq. Control Assoc. Ann. Mtg}. Presentation at the meeting of FL. Mosq. Control Assoc, Clearwater, FL. (Regional)\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Smith, J. P. (presented 1990). HRS Contract Research Report Symposium. In Smith, J. P (Chair), {\i FL. Mosq. Control. Assoc. Ann. Mtg}. Presentation at the meeting of FL. Mosq. Control. Assoc, Ocala, FL. (Regional)\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Smith, J. P. (presented 1989). HRS Contact Research Report Symposium. In Smith, J. P (Chair), {\i Florida Anti-Mosq. Assoc. Ann. Mtg}. Presentation at the meeting of Florida Anti-Mosq. Assoc, Orlando, Florida. (Regional)\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Smith, J. P. (presented 1988). HRS Contract Research Report Symposium. In Smith, J. P (Chair), {\i Florida Anti-Mosq. Assoc. Ann. Mtg}. Presentation at the meeting of Florida Anti-Mosq. Assoc, Pensacola, Florida. (Regional)\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Smith, J. P. (presented 1987). HRS Contract Research Report Symposium. In Smith, J. P (Chair), {\i Florida Anti-Mosq. Assoc. Ann. Mtg}. Presentation at the meeting of Florida Anti-Mosq. Assoc, West Palm Beach, Florida. (Regional)\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Smith, J. P. (presented 1987). Research Grant Reports - HRS Research Program. In Smith, J. P (Chair), {\i Florida Anti-Mosq. Assoc. Fall Conf}. Presentation at the meeting of Florida Anti-Mosq. Assoc, Daytona Beach, Florida. (Regional)\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Smith, J. P. (presented 1986). HRS Contract Research Report Symposium. In Smith, J. P (Chair), {\i Florida Anti-Mosq. Assoc. Ann. Mtg}. Presentation at the meeting of Florida Anti-Mosq. Assoc, Jacksonville, Florida. (Regional)\par \pard \pard \par \pard \par \pard \keepn {\b Invited Workshops}\par \pard \keepn \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Smith, J. P. (2011, February). {\i PHEREC Research Data Gaps}. Workshop delivered at Florida Coordinating Council on Mosquito Control, Alachua, FL. (Regional)\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Smith, J. P. (2010, March). {\i PHEREC Research Data Gaps. Florida Coordinating Council on Mosquito Control}. Workshop delivered at Florida Coordinating Council on Mosquito Control, Alachua, FL. (Regional)\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Smith, J. P. (2009, April). {\i Mosquitoes, Biting Gnats, Yellow Flies and Dog Flies}. Workshop delivered at Bay Co. Public Library, Panama City, FL. (Local)\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Smith, J. P. (2009). {\i PHEREC Research Data Gaps}. Workshop delivered at Florida Coordinating Council on Mosquito Control, Alachua, FL. (Regional)\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Smith, J. P. (2008, February). {\i PHEREC Research Data Gaps}. Workshop delivered at Florida Coordinating Council on Mosquito Control. (Regional)\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Smith, J. P. (2007, February). {\i PHEREC Research Data Gaps}. Workshop delivered at Florida Coordinating Council on Mosquito Control, Alachua, FL. (State)\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Smith, J. P. (2007). {\i A Scientist's Perspective on Being a Commissioner. Commissioners Session}. Workshop delivered at FL Mosquito Control Dodd Plenary Short Courses, Ocala, FL. (State)\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Smith, J. P. (2006, February). {\i PHEREC Research Data Gaps}. Workshop delivered at Florida Coordinating Council on Mosquito Control, Alachua, FL. (State)\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Smith, J. P. (2005, February). {\i PHEREC Research Data Gaps}. Workshop delivered at Florida Coordinating Council on Mosquito Control, Alachua, FL. (State)\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Smith, J. P. (2004). {\i PHEREC Research Data Gaps}. Workshop delivered at Florida Coordinating Council on Mosquito Control, Gainesville, FL. (State)\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Smith, J. P. (2004). {\i Report on S. Walton Co. Vector Identification Study}. Workshop delivered at South Walton County Mosquito Control District Commission Mtg, Santa Rosa Beach, FL. (Regional)\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Smith, J. P. (2003). {\i Panhandle Arbovirus Workshop}. Workshop delivered at FL Dept. of Health, Santa Rosa Beach, FL. (State)\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Smith, J. P. (2001). {\i Florida Agricultural & Mechanical University, Public Health Entomology Research & Education Center}. Workshop delivered at Sarasota Mosquito Control District, Sarasota, FL. (Regional)\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Smith, J. P. (1999). {\i Powerpoint Presentation of Faculty Performance Evaluation Proposal Kit}. Workshop delivered at CESTA Spring Faculty Mtg, Tallahassee, FL. (Regional)\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Smith, J. P. (1998). {\i CESTA Fall Convocation}. Workshop delivered at Faculty Performance Evaluation Proposal Committee Report, Tallahassee, FL. (Local)\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Smith, J. P. (1995). {\i Activities of JAMSARL}. Workshop delivered at Mosq. Control Commissioners Workshop, Vero Beach, FL. (Regional)\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Smith, J. P. (1995). {\i Commissioner's Session: Recent Developments at the JAMSARL}. Workshop delivered at FL. Mosq. Contr. Assoc. Ann. Mtg, Key West, FL. (Regional)\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Smith, J. P. (1995). {\i Entomology for Elementary School Children}. Workshop delivered at Patronis Elementary 125 2nd and 3rd graders, Panama City Beach, FL. (Local)\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Smith, J. P. (1994). {\i Entomology. 1st and 3rd grade classes}. Workshop delivered at Hutchinson Beach Elementary School, Panama City Beach, FL. (Local)\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Smith, J. P. (1994). {\i Public health entomology}. Workshop delivered at 18th Ann. Pest Control Field Day and Workshop, Florida A & M University, Tallahassee, FL. (State)\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Smith, J. P. (1994). {\i What is JAMSARL and What Can We Do For You?} Workshop delivered at Cooperative Extension Serv. Master Gardeners, Panama City, FL. (Local)\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Smith, J. P. (1993). {\i An Overview of the John A. Mulrennan, Sr. Arthropod Research Laboratory Programs. Workshop for Elected Mosquito Control Commissioners}. Workshop delivered at Hillsborough Mosq. Control Dist, Tampa, FL. (Regional)\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Smith, J. P. (1993). {\i General entomology for kindergartners and 2nd-graders}. Workshop delivered at Hutchinson Beach Elementary School, Panama City Beach, FL. (Local)\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Smith, J. P. (1993). {\i Highlights of Past Year JAMSARL Activities and Future Year Objectives}. Workshop delivered at FL. A & M Univ. Faculty and Staff Pre-Planning Mtg, Tallahassee, FL. (State)\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Smith, J. P. (1993). {\i Spiders}. Workshop delivered at Tyndall AFB Elementary Quest Classes, Tyndall AFB, FL. (Local)\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Smith, J. P. (1992). {\i Epidemiology of Arthropod-Borne Diseases - Lyme Disease}. Workshop delivered at Florida Mosquito Control Association Short Courses, Daytona Beach, FL. (Regional)\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Smith, J. P. (1992). {\i General Entomology}. Workshop delivered at Covenant Christian Elementary School, Panama City, FL. (Local)\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Smith, J. P. (1992). {\i Recent Developments at the John A. Mulrennan, Sr. Arthropod Research Laboratory}. Workshop delivered at Commissioners' Session - FL. Mosq. Control Assoc. Ann. Mtg, Cocoa Beach, FL. (State)\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Smith, J. P. (1991). {\i Current Status of the John A. Mulrennan, Sr. Arthropod Research Laboratory}. Workshop delivered at FL. Mosq. Control Assoc. Northwest Regional Director's Mtg, Santa Rosa Beach, FL. (Regional)\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Smith, J. P. (1991). {\i Entomology. Environmental Health Basic Training Courses}. Workshop delivered at HRS Environmental Health Division, Gainesville, FL. (State)\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Smith, J. P. (1990). {\i Lyme Disease}. Workshop delivered at HRS Laboratory Services Lunch Bag Seminar, Jacksonville, FL. (Local)\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Smith, J. P. (1990). {\i Lyme Disease}. Workshop delivered at Jacksonville Area Microbiology Society Mtg, Jacksonville, FL. (State)\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Smith, J. P. (1989). Aedes albopictus and Aedes aegypti. Workshop delivered at Florida Anti Mosq. Assoc. Short Courses, Tampa, Florida. (Regional)\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Smith, J. P. (1989). {\i Basic Computer Skills}. Workshop delivered at Florida Anti Mosq. Assoc. Short Courses, Tampa, Florida. (Regional)\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Smith, J. P. (1988). Aedes albopictus{\i  and }Aedes aegypti. Workshop delivered at Florida Anti Mosq. Assoc. Short Courses, Tampa, Florida. (Regional)\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Smith, J. P. (1988). {\i Factors Controlling Stable Fly Abundance or Why Livestock Are Not Up To Their Eyeballs in Stable Flies}. Workshop delivered at Entomology Dept. Seminar, New Mexico State University, Las Cruces, New Mexico. (Regional)\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Smith, J. P. (1988). {\i HRS Surveillance Requirements, Surveillance Evaluations and Record Keeping}. Workshop delivered at Florida Anti Mosq. Assoc. Short Courses, Tampa, Florida. (Regional)\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Smith, J. P. (1988). {\i Insects and Other Arthropods of Medical Importance in Florida}. Workshop delivered at Florida A&M Univ. Household Pests Field Day and Workshop, Tallahassee, Florida. (State)\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Smith, J. P. (1988). {\i Principles of Entomology in Florida}. Workshop delivered at Univ. South Florida Environ. Hlth. Spec. Training Prog, Vero Beach and Tallahassee, Florida. (State)\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Smith, J. P. (1987). {\i Overview of Entomology and New Directions in Pest Control}. Workshop delivered at Univ. South Florida Environ. Hlth. Spec. Training Prog, Daytona Beach, Florida. (State)\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Smith, J. P. (1986). {\i Head Lice and Their Control}. Workshop delivered at Lee Co. Hlth. Dept, Fort Myers, Florida. (Local)\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Smith, J. P. (1985). {\i Head Lice and Their Control}. Workshop delivered at Public Health Entomology. Midland College, Blair, Nebraska. (Local)\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Smith, J. P. (1984). {\i . Medical Entomology}. Workshop delivered at Creighton Univ. Med. School, Omaha, Nebraska. (Local)\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Smith, J. P. (1984). {\i Biology and Control of Domestic Animal Pests}. Workshop delivered at Lincoln/Lancaster Co. Hlth. Dept. Anim. Contr. Div, Lincoln, Nebraska. (Local)\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Smith, J. P. (1984). {\i Communicable Human Ectoparasites}. Workshop delivered at Joint Mtg. Omaha Dept. Hlth. and Neb. St. Hlth. Dept. Dis. Contr. Divs, Lincoln, Nebraska. (State)\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Smith, J. P. (1984). {\i Fly Control in Food Handling Facilities}. Workshop delivered at Hall Co. Dept. Publ. Health, Grand Island, Nebraska. (Local)\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Smith, J. P. (1984). {\i Fly Control in Restaurants}. Workshop delivered at Neb. Env. Hlth. Assoc, Lincoln, Nebraska. (Local)\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Smith, J. P. (1984). {\i Insects of Public Health Concern}. Workshop delivered at Beatrice Good Semaritan Home, Beatrice, Nebraska. (Local)\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Smith, J. P. (1984). {\i Medically Important Arthropods}. Workshop delivered at Nat. Exec. Housekeepers Assoc. Inc, Omaha, Nebraska. (National)\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Smith, J. P. (1984). {\i Pediculosis}. Workshop delivered at Papillion Pub. Sch. Nursing Staff, Papillion, Nebraska. (Local)\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Smith, J. P. (1984). {\i Pediculosis}. Workshop delivered at Lincoln Pub. Sch. Nursing Staff, Lincoln, Nebraska. (Local)\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Smith, J. P. (1984). {\i Scabies Control}. Workshop delivered at Douglas Co. Hospital, Lincoln, Nebraska. (Local)\par \pard \pard \par \pard \par \pard \keepn {\b Nonrefereed Workshops}\par \pard \keepn \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Smith, J. (2016, March). {\i Northwest Florida Mosquito Control Workshop}. Workshop delivered at Public Health Entomology Services, FSU Panama City, FL. (Regional)\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Smith, J. (2015, December). {\i Mosquito Control Entomology Workshop}. Workshop delivered at Public Health Entomology Services, FSU Panama City, FL. (Regional)\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Smith, J. (2015, March). {\i Southeast Regional Mosquito Control Workshop}. Workshop delivered at Public Health Entomology Services, FSU Panama City, FL. (Regional)\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Smith, J. (2014, December). {\i Mosquito Control Entomology Workshop}. Workshop delivered at Public Health Entomology Services, FSU Panama City, FL. (Regional)\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Smith, J. (2014, March). {\i Southeast Regional Mosquito Control Workshop}. Workshop delivered at Public Health Entomology Services, FSU Panama City, FL. (Regional)\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Smith, J. P., & Smith, J. P. (2013, December). {\i Mosquito Identification Workshop - II}. Workshop delivered at Public Health Entomology Services, Panama City, FL. (Regional)\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Smith, J. (2013, March). {\i Southeast Regional Mosquito Control Workshop}. Workshop delivered at Public Health Entomology Services, FSU Panama City, FL. (Regional)\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Smith, J. P., & Smith, J. P. (2013, March). {\i Mosquito Ecology}. Workshop delivered at Southeast Regional Mosquito Control Workshop, Panama City, FL. (Regional)\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Smith, J. (2013, January). {\i Mosquito Control Identification Workshop - I}. Workshop delivered at Public Health Entomology Services, FSU Panama City, FL. (Regional)\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Smith, J. (2012, March). {\i FSU Mosquito Control Workshop}. Workshop delivered at Florida State University, FSU Panama City, FL. (Regional)\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Smith, J. P. (2012, March). {\i Basic Components of a Mosquito Control Program. Workshop I: Integrated Mosquito Control}. Workshop delivered at FSU Mosquito Control Workshop, Panama City, FL. (Regional)\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Smith, J. P. (2012, March). {\i Commissioner's Workshop}. Workshop delivered at FSU Mosquito Control Workshop, Panama City, FL. (Regional)\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Smith, J. P. (2012, February). {\i Workshop A: Electronic Mosquito Arbovirus Information Systems}. Workshop delivered at Southeast Regional Public Health Pest & Vector Management Conference, Panama City Beach, FL. (Regional)\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Smith, J. P., Walsh, J., & Cope, E. (2011, February). {\i Workshop A: Mosquito and Arbovirus Surveillance 101}. Workshop delivered at Southeast Regional Public Health Pest & Vector Management Conference, Panama City Beach, FL. (Regional)\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Smith, J. P. (2010). {\i Status and Plans for PHEREC}. Workshop delivered at NPDES & PHEREC Workshop, Gainesville, FL. (State)\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Smith, J. P., Walsh, J., & Cope, E. (2009, February). {\i Advanced Mosquito and Arbovirus Surveillance}. Workshop delivered at Southeast Regional Public Health Pest & Vector Management Conference, Panama City Beach, FL. (Regional)\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Smith, J. P. (2006). {\i Wild Bird Serology and Mosquito Populations as Related to EEE in Florida Panhandle}. Workshop delivered at Florida Interagency Arbovirus Task Force Annual Meeting, Tampa, FL. (State)\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Smith, J. P. (2004). {\i Workshop: Arbovirus Surveillance in the Florida Panhandle}. Workshop delivered at S. E. Reg. Public Health Pest & Vector Mngmt. Conf, Panama City Beach, FL. (Regional)\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Smith, J. P. (2003). {\i Arbovirus Research Programs at PHEREC}. Workshop delivered at Florida Interagency Arbovirus Task Force Meeting, Tallahassee, FL. (State)\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Smith, J. P. (2003). {\i Panhandle Arbovirus Workshop}. Workshop delivered at FL Dept. of Health, Santa Rosa Beach, FL. (Regional)\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Smith, J. P. (2003). {\i Workshop: The West Nile Virus Experience in Florida, 2002}. Workshop delivered at S. E. Reg. Public Health Pest & Vector Mngmt. Conf, Panama City Beach, FL. (Regional)\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Smith, J. P. (2002). {\i DEET Alternative Mosquito Repellent Evaluations}. Workshop delivered at Florida A&M University CESTA Research Forum, Tallahassee, FL. (State)\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Smith, J. P. (2001). {\i Arbovirus Surveillance Techniques Workshop}. Workshop delivered at S.E. Regional Public Health Pest & Vector Management Conference, Panama City Beach, FL. (Regional)\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Smith, J. P. (2000). {\i Administrative and Special Project Section Review}. Workshop delivered at PHEREC Research Advisory Committee Meeting, Panama City, FL. (State)\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Smith, J. P. (2000). {\i Mosquito Trapping, Surveillance and Data Analysis Workshop}. Workshop delivered at S.E. Regional Public Health Pest & Vector Management Conference, Panama City Beach, FL. (Regional)\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Smith, J. P. (2000). {\i Public Health Entomology}. Workshop delivered at Florida A&M University CESTA Program Review, Tallahassee, FL. (Local)\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Smith, J. P. (2000). {\i Special Award Presentation}. Workshop delivered at Three-Rivers Science Fair Awards Ceremony, Panama City, FL. (Regional)\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Smith, J. P. (1999). {\i PHEREC Program Highlights}. Workshop delivered at Florida A&M University CESTA Research Faculty Meeting, Tallahassee, FL. (Local)\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Smith, J. P. (1998). {\i Mosquito-borne Diseases: 1995/96 Tri-State Flood Disaster Surveillance Project}. Workshop delivered at Southeast Regional Public Health Pest and Vector Management Conference, Panama City Beach, FL. (Regional)\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Smith, J. P. (1998). {\i Mosquito-borne Encephalitis and Mosquito & Tick Surveillance Techniques}. Workshop delivered at Southeast Regional Public Health Pest and Vector Management Conference, Panama City Beach, FL. (Regional)\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Smith, J. P. (1995). {\i Mosquito Surveillance}. Workshop delivered at Panhandle Regional Mosquito Control Workshop, Panama City, FL. (Regional)\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Smith, J. P. (1995). {\i Mosquito-borne Disease Surveillance Techniques Lab}. Workshop delivered at Panhandle Regional Mosquito Control Workshop, Panama City, FL. (Regional)\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Smith, J. P. (1995). {\i Mosquito-borne Diseases}. Workshop delivered at Panhandle Regional Mosquito Control Workshop, Panama City, FL. (Regional)\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Smith, J. P. (1994). {\i Lyme Disease Ecology and Control}. Workshop delivered at John A. Mulrennan Sr., Arthropod Research Laboratory Seminar Series, Panama City, FL. (Regional)\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Smith, J. P. (1994). {\i Lyme Disease}. Workshop delivered at FL. Mosq. Control Association Dodd Short Courses, Ocala, FL. (Regional)\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Smith, J. P. (1994). {\i Setting Up a Mosquito Control Program}. Workshop delivered at FL. Mosq. Control Association Dodd Short Courses, Ocala, FL. (Regional)\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Smith, J. P. (1994). {\i State of the John A. Mulrennan Sr. Arthropod Research Laboratory}. Workshop delivered at Florida A&M University CESTA Faculty/Staff Pre-Planning Meeting, Tallahassee, FL. (Local)\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Smith, J. P. (1993). {\i Mosquito Larviciding}. Workshop delivered at FL. Mosq. Control Assoc. Annual Dodd Short Courses, Gainesville, FL. (Regional)\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Smith, J. P. (1991). {\i HRS Proposal to Eliminate the John A. Mulrennan Sr., Arthropod Research Laboratory}. Workshop delivered at Florida Mosquito Control Association Director's Section Meeting, Orlando, FL. (State)\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Smith, J. P. (1990). {\i Public Interest Topics: Asian Tiger Mosquito and Lyme Disease & Basic Computer Skills Part I & II. FL. Anti-Mosq. Assoc. Short Courses}. Workshop delivered at FL. Anti-Mosq. Assoc. Short Courses, Ocala, FL. (Regional)\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Smith, J. P. (1983). {\i Field Mortality of Immature Stable Stages of the Stable Fly}. Workshop delivered at University of Missouri, Entomology Department Seminar, Columbia, MO. (Local)\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn \par {\pard \qc\keepn {\b Contracts and Grants}\par }\pard \keepn \par \pard \keepn {\b Contracts and Grants Funded}\par \pard \keepn \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Smith, J. (Jan 2016\u8211?Dec 2023). {\i STEM Support}. Funded by Tyndall AFB. Total award $5,000. \par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Smith, John P (PI). (May 2015\u8211?Sep 2015). {\i Science, Technology, Engineering and Mathematics (STEM) Summer Institute Support}. Funded by Naval Surface Warfare Center. (N61331-15-2-G001). Total award $82,000. \par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Smith, J. (2015\u8211?2015). {\i Rust-Oleum In Vitro Repellent Bioassay Phase I - Laboratory Trial}. Funded by Rust-Oleum. Total award $10,000. \par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Smith, J. (2015\u8211?2016). {\i MosquitoPaq Secure NOW Proof of Concept Study Phase I - Laboratory Trial}. Funded by MosquitoPaq LLC. Total award $7,000. \par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Smith, J. (2015\u8211?2015). {\i Mosquito Species Identification Services}. Funded by Auburn University. Total award $700. \par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Smith, J. (2015\u8211?2015). {\i MosquitoPaq In Vitro Repellent Bioassay: Phase I - Laboratory Trial}. Funded by MosquitoPaq LLC. Total award $7,000. \par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Smith, J. (2015\u8211?2015). {\i MosquitoPaq Secure Organic No-Bite Proof of Concept Study Phase I - Laboratory Trial}. Funded by MosquitoPaq LLC. Total award $7,000. \par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Smith, J. (2015\u8211?2015). {\i Mosquito Identification, Data Entry/Storage, Analysis, and Reporting Service}. Funded by Holmes County Board of Commissioners. Total award $3,240. \par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Smith, J. (2015\u8211?2015). {\i Mosquito Identification, Data Entry/Storage, Analysis, and Reporting Service}. Funded by Washington Co. Health Department. Total award $1,620. \par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Smith, J. (2015\u8211?2015). {\i Mosquito Identification, Data Entry/Storage, Analysis, and Reporting Service}. Funded by Liberty Co. Mosquito Control. Total award $1,620. \par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Smith, J. (2015\u8211?2015). {\i Mosquito Identification, Data Entry/Storage, Analysis, and Reporting Service}. Funded by Calhoun Co., FL Heath Department. Total award $225. \par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Smith, J. (2015\u8211?2015). {\i Mosquito Identification, Data Entry/Storage, Analysis, and Reporting Service}. Funded by Wakulla Co, Florida Health Department. Total award $338. \par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Smith, J. (2014\u8211?2014). {\i In Vitro Laboratory Evaluation of Natureza Repellent}. Funded by Natureza, Inc. Total award $7,000. \par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Smith, J. (2014\u8211?2014). {\i In Vitro Laboratory Evaluation of EverSafe Lotion Repellent}. Funded by Matrix24 Laboratories. Total award $7,000. \par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Smith, J. (2014\u8211?2014). {\i Holmes Co. Flood Disaster Mosquito Surveillance}. Funded by Holmes Co. Board of Commissioners. Total award $3,300. \par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Smith, J. (2014\u8211?2014). {\i Washington Co. Flood Disaster Mosquito Surveillance}. Funded by Washinton Co., FL Health Department. Total award $3,200. \par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Smith, J. (2014\u8211?2014). {\i EverSafe Field Test - Trial #1}. Funded by Matrix24 Laboratories. Total award $7,000. \par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Smith, John P (PI). (Oct 2013\u8211?Dec 2023). {\i Smith, John - PI Support Account}. Funded by FSU. Total award $3,632. \par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Smith, John P (PI). (Oct 2013\u8211?Sep 2016). {\i Mosquito Control Surveillance}. Funded by Okaloosa County Florida. (C14-2096-PW). Total award $94,199. \par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Smith, John P (PI). (May 2013\u8211?Aug 2013). {\i Building Mosquito Research Capability at FSU Panama City}. Funded by Florida Department of Agriculture and Consumer Services. (020010). Total award $82,000. \par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Smith, J. (2013\u8211?2013). {\i EverSafe All Natural Mosquito Control Product Evaluation Phase I - Laboratory Trial#2}. Funded by Matrix24 Laboratories. Total award $8,000. \par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Smith, J. (2013\u8211?2013). {\i EverSafe All Natural Mosquito Control Product Evaluation Phase I - Laboratory Trial #1}. Funded by Matrix24 Laboratories. Total award $8,000. \par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Smith, J. (2013\u8211?2013). {\i Woodstream Corporation Mosquito Magnet Executive Trap Evaluation Study}. Funded by Woodstream Corp. Total award $5,500. \par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Smith, J. P. (Oct 2012\u8211?Sep 2013). {\i FSU-Santa Rosa County Mosquito Surveillance}. Funded by Santa Rosa County Florida. (none). Total award $29,437. \par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Smith, John P (PI). (Oct 2012\u8211?Jun 2013). {\i Florida Learns STEM Scholars}. Funded by Panhandle Area Educational Consortium. (13-176). Total award $27,000. \par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Smith, John P (PI). (Jun 2012\u8211?Sep 2012). {\i S.T.E.M. Summer Camp 2012}. Funded by United States Department of the Navy. (N61331-12-2-G001). Total award $124,839. \par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Smith, J. (2012\u8211?2014). {\i Mosquito Identification Services}. Funded by Auburn University. Total award $2,900. \par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Smith, John P (PI). (Oct 2011\u8211?Sep 2016). {\i Santa Rosa County Mosquito Surveillance}. Funded by Santa Rosa County Florida. Total award $151,391. \par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Smith, John P (PI). (Oct 2011\u8211?Sep 2012). {\i Okaloosa County Mosquito Surveillance}. Funded by Okaloosa County Florida. Total award $29,437. \par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Barnes, William J (PI), & Smith, John P (Co-PI). (Jul 2011\u8211?Sep 2013). {\i National Defense Education Program (NDEP) - Science, Technology, Engineering, and Mathematics (STEM) Education}. Funded by United States Department of the Air Force. (FA8650-11-2-5218). Total award $146,003. \par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Smith, J. P. (2011\u8211?2012). {\i FSU - Okaloosa County Mosquito Surveillance}. Funded by Walton Co. Board of Commissioners. Total award $29,437. \par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Smith, J. P. (2011\u8211?2011). {\i FSU - Santa Rosa County Mosquito-borne Disease Surveillance}. Funded by Walton Co. Board of Commissioners. Total award $9,714. \par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Smith, J. P. (2011\u8211?2012). {\i FSU - Santa Rosa County Mosquito Surveillance}. Funded by Walton Co. Board of Commissioners. Total award $29,437. \par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Smith, J. P. (2011\u8211?2011). {\i FSU - North Walton County Mosquito-borne Disease Surveillance}. Funded by North Walton County Mosquito Control. Total award $9,714. \par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Smith, J. P. (2011\u8211?2011). {\i FSU - Okaloosa County Mosquito-borne Disease Surveillance}. Funded by Walton Co. Board of Commissioners. Total award $9,714. \par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Smith, J. P. (2010\u8211?2011). {\i FAMU - Santa Rosa County Mosquito-borne Disease Surveillance}. Funded by Walton Co. Board of Commissioners. Total award $19,625. \par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Smith, J. P. (2010\u8211?2011). {\i FAMU - Okaloosa County Mosquito-borne Disease Surveillance}. Funded by Walton Co. Board of Commissioners. Total award $19,625. \par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Smith, J. P. (2010\u8211?2011). {\i FAMU - North Walton County Mosquito-borne Disease Surveillance}. Funded by North Walton County Mosquito Control. Total award $19,625. \par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Smith, J. P. (2009\u8211?2009). {\i KAZ Inc. MK100 Mosquito Trap Evaluation}. Funded by KAZ Inc. Total award $3,000. \par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Smith, J. P. (2009\u8211?2010). {\i FAMU - North Walton County Mosquito-borne Disease Surveillance}. Funded by North Walton County Mosquito Control. Total award $29,437. \par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Smith, J. P. (2009\u8211?2010). {\i FAMU - Santa Rosa County Mosquito-borne Disease Surveillance}. Funded by Walton Co. Board of Commissioners. Total award $29,437. \par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Smith, J. P. (2009\u8211?2010). {\i FAMU - Okaloosa County Mosquito-borne Disease Surveillance}. Funded by North Walton County Mosquito Control. Total award $29,437. \par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Smith, J. P. (2008\u8211?2009). {\i FAMU - North Walton County Mosquito-borne Disease Surveillance}. Funded by North Walton County Mosquito Control. Total award $28,846. \par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Smith, J. P. (2008\u8211?2009). {\i FAMU - Santa Rosa County Mosquito-borne Disease Surveillance}. Funded by Walton Co. Board of Commissioners. Total award $28,846. \par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Smith, J. P. (2008\u8211?2009). {\i FAMU - Okaloosa County Mosquito-borne Disease Surveillance}. Funded by Walton Co. Board of Commissioners. Total award $28,846. \par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Smith, J. P. (2007\u8211?2008). {\i Spread, Larval Habitat, Seasonal Abundance and Vector Status of }Culex coronator{\i : a new invasive vector species in Florida}. Funded by Florida Department of Agriculture and Consumer Services. Total award $58,092. \par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Smith, J. P. (2007\u8211?2008). {\i Non-Pesticidal Mosquito Control Pilot Study in St. Andrews State Park}. Funded by Florida Department of Agriculture and Consumer Services. Total award $34,252. \par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Smith, J. P. (2007\u8211?2008). {\i FAMU - North Walton County Mosquito-borne Disease Surveillance}. Funded by North Walton County Mosquito Control. Total award $27,565. \par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Smith, J. P. (2007\u8211?2008). {\i FAMU - Santa Rosa County Mosquito-borne Disease Surveillance}. Funded by Walton Co. Board of Commissioners. Total award $27,565. \par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Smith, J. P. (2007\u8211?2008). {\i FAMU - Okaloosa County Mosquito-borne Disease Surveillance}. Funded by Walton Co. Board of Commissioners. Total award $27,565. \par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Smith, J. P. (2007\u8211?2007). {\i KAZ Inc. Innovations Mosquito Trap Evaluation Proposal}. Funded by KAZ Inc. Total award $6,000. \par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Smith, J. P. (2006\u8211?2006). {\i TyraTech Repellent Evaluation Studies-X & XI}. Funded by TyraTech, LLC. Total award $5,000. \par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Smith, J. P. (2006\u8211?2007). {\i FAMU - North Walton County Mosquito-borne Disease Surveillance}. Funded by North Walton County Mosquito Control. Total award $22,565. \par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Smith, J. P. (2006\u8211?2007). {\i FAMU - Santa Rosa County Mosquito-borne Disease Surveillance}. Funded by Walton Co. Board of Commissioners. Total award $22,565. \par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Smith, J. P. (2006\u8211?2007). {\i FAMU - Okaloosa County Mosquito-borne Disease Surveillance}. Funded by Walton Co. Board of Commissioners. Total award $22,565. \par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Smith, J. P. (2006\u8211?2007). {\i FAMU - Washington County Mosquito-borne Disease Surveillance}. Funded by Washington Co. Health Dept. Total award $27,927. \par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Smith, J. P. (2006\u8211?2007). {\i Identification of Arbovirus Vectors}. Funded by S. Walton County Mosquito Control District. Total award $8,253. \par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Smith, J. P. (2005\u8211?2005). {\i TyraTech Repellent Evaluation Studies-Amendments IV, V, VI & VII}. Funded by TyraTech, LLC. Total award $17,500. \par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Smith, J. P. (2005\u8211?2006). {\i FAMU - North Walton County Mosquito-borne Disease Surveillance}. Funded by North Walton County Mosquito Control. Total award $22,565. \par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Smith, J. P. (2005\u8211?2006). {\i FAMU - Washington County Mosquito-borne Disease Surveillance}. Funded by Washington Co. Health Dept. Total award $29,502. \par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Smith, J. P. (2005\u8211?2006). {\i FAMU - Santa Rosa County Mosquito-borne Disease Surveillance}. Funded by Walton Co. Board of Commissioners. Total award $22,565. \par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Smith, J. P. (2005\u8211?2006). {\i FAMU - Okaloosa County Mosquito-borne Disease Surveillance}. Funded by Walton Co. Board of Commissioners. Total award $22,565. \par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Smith, J. P. (2005\u8211?2006). {\i FAMU - Identification of Arbovirus Vectors}. Funded by S. Walton County Mosquito Control District. Total award $8,253. \par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Smith, J. P. (2005\u8211?2005). {\i 2005 Sunaim Incorporated Mosquito Trap Evaluation Proposal}. Funded by Sunaim Inc. Total award $3,000. \par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Smith, J. P. (2005\u8211?2005). {\i 2005 XLTG Repellent Evaluation Studies-V-VII, XL}. Funded by Tech Group, LLC. Total award $15,658. \par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Smith, J. P. (2005\u8211?2005). {\i KAZ Corporation Mosquito Trap Evaluation Study}. Funded by KAZ, Inc. Total award $6,000. \par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Smith, J. P. (2004\u8211?2004). {\i Scotts Repellent Evaluation Study}. Funded by The Scotts Company. Total award $5,000. \par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Smith, J. P. (2004\u8211?2004). {\i XLTG Repellent Evaluation Studies-III & IV, XL}. Funded by Tech Group, LLC. Total award $10,000. \par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Smith, J. P. (2004\u8211?2005). {\i Special Appropriation for Mosquito Control Research Infrastructure}. Funded by FDACS. Total award $380,000. \par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Smith, J. P. (2004\u8211?2005). {\i FAMU - Okaloosa County Mosquito-borne Disease Surveillance}. Funded by Okaloosa Co. Board of Commissioners. Total award $22,565. \par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Smith, J. P. (2004\u8211?2005). {\i FAMU - Santa Rosa County Mosquito-borne Disease Surveillance}. Funded by Santa Rosa Co. Board of Commissioners. Total award $22,565. \par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Smith, J. P. (2004\u8211?2005). {\i FAMU - North Walton County Mosquito-borne Disease Surveillance}. Funded by Walton Co. Board of Commissioners. Total award $22,565. \par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Smith, J. P. (2004\u8211?2005). {\i FAMU - South Walton County Mosquito-borne Disease Surveillance}. Funded by South Walton County Mosquito Control District. Total award $8,253. \par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Smith, J. P. (2004\u8211?2005). {\i FAMU - Washington County Mosquito-borne Disease Surveillance}. Funded by Washington Co. Health Dept. Total award $29,502. \par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Smith, J. P. (2004\u8211?2004). {\i XLTG Repellent Evaluation Study}. Funded by XLTech Group, LLC. Total award $1,500. \par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Smith, J. P. (2004\u8211?2004). {\i Bio-Block Repellent Test}. Funded by HOMS, LLC. Total award $5,000. \par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Smith, J. P. (2003\u8211?2003). {\i CitroLux Repellent Evaluation Study}. Funded by CitroLux Corp. Total award $4,940. \par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Smith, J. P. (2003\u8211?2003). {\i Lewey's Eco-Blends Repellent Study}. Funded by Lewey's Eco-Blends, Inc. Total award $4,630. \par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Smith, J. P. (2003\u8211?2003). {\i Lentek Internatonal Mosquito Trap Evaluation}. Funded by Lentek International, Inc. Total award $5,200. \par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Smith, J. P. (2003\u8211?2003). {\i Efficacy of the American Biophysics Corporation Mosquito Magnet Trap for Control of Residential Mosquitoes}. Funded by American Biophysics Corp. Total award $23,019. \par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Smith, J. P. (2003\u8211?2003). {\i American Biophysics Corporation Trap Comparison Study}. Funded by American Biophysics Corp. Total award $14,672. \par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Smith, J. P. (2003\u8211?2004). {\i FAMU - Okaloosa County Mosquito-borne Disease Surveillance}. Funded by Okaloosa Co. Board of Commissioners. Total award $18,325. \par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Smith, J. P. (2003\u8211?2004). {\i FAMU - Santa Rosa County Mosquito-borne Disease Surveillance}. Funded by Santa Rosa Co. Board of Commissioners. Total award $18,325. \par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Smith, J. P. (2003\u8211?2004). {\i FAMU - North Walton County Mosquito-borne Disease Surveillance}. Funded by Walton Co. Board of Commissioners. Total award $18,325. \par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Smith, J. P. (2003\u8211?2004). {\i FAMU - South Walton County Mosquito-borne Disease Surveillance}. Funded by South Walton County Mosquito Control District. Total award $17,795. \par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Smith, J. P. (2003\u8211?2004). {\i FAMU - Washington County Mosquito-borne Disease Surveillance}. Funded by Washington Co. Health Dept. Total award $18,325. \par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Smith, J. P. (2002\u8211?2002). {\i Dr. Homola's Repellent Evaluation}. Funded by CitroLux Corp. Total award $4,000. \par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Smith, J. P. (2002\u8211?2003). {\i FAMU - Okaloosa County Mosquito-borne Disease Surveillance}. Funded by Okaloosa Co. Board of Commissioners. Total award $11,726. \par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Smith, J. P. (2002\u8211?2003). {\i FAMU - Santa Rosa County Mosquito-borne Disease Surveillance}. Funded by Santa Rosa Co. Board of Commissioners. Total award $11,726. \par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Smith, J. P. (2002\u8211?2003). {\i FAMU - North Walton County Mosquito-borne Disease Surveillance}. Funded by Walton Co. Board of Commissioners. Total award $11,726. \par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Smith, J. P. (2002\u8211?2003). {\i FAMU - South Walton County Mosquito-borne Disease Surveillance}. Funded by South Walton County Mosquito Control District. Total award $9,559. \par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Smith, J. P. (2002\u8211?2003). {\i FAMU - Washington County Mosquito-borne Disease Surveillance}. Funded by Washington Co. Health Dept. Total award $11,726. \par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Smith, J. P. (2002\u8211?2002). {\i Evaluation of a Rapid Mosquito Test for West Nile Virus}. Funded by Florida Dept. of Agriculture & Consumer Services. Total award $22,707. \par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Smith, J. P. (2002\u8211?2002). {\i Coleman Mosquito Trap Test}. Funded by The Coleman Company, Inc. Total award $12,700. \par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Smith, J. P. (2002\u8211?2002). {\i American Biophysics Corporation Mosquito Trap Evaluation}. Funded by American Biophysics Corp. Total award $11,816. \par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Smith, J. P. (2002\u8211?2002). {\i Area Repellent Evaluation}. Funded by Compliance Services International. Total award $8,000. \par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Smith, J. P. (2001\u8211?2001). {\i Field Evaluation of the Mosquito Magnet Industrial and Residential Model Mosquito Traps in Comparison with the Flowtron Powertrap}. Funded by American Biophysics Corporation. Total award $5,651. \par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Smith, J. P., Cilek, J. E., & Peterson, J. (2001\u8211?2001). {\i Community Service Outreach Grant}. Funded by Florida A&M University. Total award $3,000. \par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Smith, J. P., Floore, T. G., & Peterson, J. (2001\u8211?2002). {\i Mosquito Repellent Evaluations}. Funded by FL Dept. of Agriculture and Consumer Services. Total award $9,079. \par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Smith, J. P., Floore, T. G., & Shaffer, K. R. (2001\u8211?2001). {\i Laboratory Evaluation of Three New IBI Mosquito Repellent Formulations Compared to DEET}. Funded by Insect Biotechnology, Inc. Total award $7,090. \par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Smith, J. P., Petersen, J., & Floore, T. F. (2001\u8211?2001). {\i Evaluation of BugOff! Mosquito Repellent Wrist Band}. Funded by Chris Kanel-KAZ, Inc. Total award $4,545. \par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Smith, J. P., Floore, T. G., & Peterson, J. (2000\u8211?2000). {\i Mosquito Repellent Study}. Funded by Good HouseKeeping Institute, Inc. Total award $7,336. \par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Smith, J. P., & Peterson, J. (2000\u8211?2000). {\i Community Service Grant}. Funded by Florida A&M University. Total award $2,500. \par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Smith, J. P., & Shaffer, K. R. (1999\u8211?1999). {\i Field Tests Comparing the ABC Pickle Jar, Flowtron Galaxie Bug Zapper and Yates Mosquito Traps}. Funded by American Biophysics Corporation. Total award $4,000. \par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Smith, J. P., & Floore, T. G. (1997\u8211?1998). {\i Georgia Flood Recovery Mosquito Species Collection}. Funded by Troup County Georgia Board of Health. Total award $29,526. \par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Smith, J. P. (1996\u8211?1997). {\i Ground ULV-BTI Field Evaluation and Demonstration Project}. Funded by Florida Department of Agriculture and Consumer Services. Total award $14,426. \par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Smith, J. P., & Floore, T. G. (1996\u8211?1996). {\i Evaluation of BVA Botanical Larvicide in Laboratory Pan Tests}. Funded by BVA, Inc. Total award $3,603. \par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Smith, J. P., & Floore, T. G. (1996\u8211?1996). {\i Evaluation of Microencapsulated B.t.i. in Laboratory Pan Tests}. Funded by Clarke Mosquito Control Products. Total award $3,630. \par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Smith, J. P., & Floore, T. G. (1996\u8211?1996). {\i Field Plot Bioassays of Altosid Sand Granules for Larval Mosquito Control}. Funded by Sandoz, Corp. Total award $6,148. \par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Smith, J. P. (1995\u8211?1996). {\i Arbovirus Surveillance in Flood-Disaster-Declared Counties of Panhandle Florida}. Funded by Florida Department of Health and Rehabilitative Services. Total award $364,739. \par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Smith, J. P., & Floore, T. G. (1995\u8211?1995). {\i Field Plot Bioassays of Altosid Pellets for Larval Mosquito Control}. Funded by Sandoz, Corp. Total award $5,913. \par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Smith, J. P., & Floore, T. G. (1995\u8211?1995). {\i BVA Botanical Larvicide Evaluation in Field Plots}. Funded by BVA, Inc. Total award $3,850. \par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Smith, J. P. (1994\u8211?1995). {\i Arbovirus Surveillance in Florida Disaster Areas Affected by Tropical Storm Alberto}. Funded by Florida Department of Health and Rehabilitative Services. Total award $42,788. \par \pard \pard \par \pard \par \pard \keepn {\b Contracts and Grants Pending}\par \pard \keepn \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Smith, John P (PI). (Jun 2015). {\i Novel Low-Cost, Easily Deployable Powerless Mosquito Surveillance Trap}. Submitted to Gates Learning Foundation. \par \pard \pard \par \pard \par {\pard \qc\keepn {\b Additional Research or Original Creative Work Not Reported Elsewhere}\par }\pard \keepn \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Smith, J. P. (2000\u8211?2011). {\i BuzzWords}. Florida Mosquito Control Association. \par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Smith, J. P. (1994). {\i John A. Mulrennan Sr., Arthropod Research Laboratory Exhibit}. Gulf Coast Community College & National Marine Fisheries Service. \par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Smith, J. P. (1993\u8211?1995). {\i PHEREC EntGuide}. Florida A&M University, College of Engineering Sciences, Technology, and Agriculture - Public Health Entomology Center. \par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Smith, J. P. (1993\u8211?1995). {\i PHEREC Logo}. Florida A&M University, CESTA - Public Health Entomology Center. \par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Smith, J. P. (1993\u8211?1995). {\i PHEREC website}. Florida A&M University, CESTA-JAMS Public Health Entomology Research & Education Center. \par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Smith, J. P. (1992\u8211?1998). {\i JAMSARL News Briefs}. HRS & FAMU, John A. Mulrennan Sr., Arthropod Research Laboratory. \par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Smith, J. P. (1984\u8211?1985). {\i Nebraska Skeeter}. Nebraska Mosquito and Vector Control Association. \par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn \par {\pard \qc\keepn {\b Service}\par }\pard \keepn \par {\pard \qc\keepn {\b The Profession}\par }\pard \keepn \par \pard \keepn {\b Reviewer or Panelist for Grant Applications}\par \pard \keepn \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Department of Defense SBIR (2007).\par \pard \pard \par \pard \par \pard \keepn {\b Service to Professional Associations}\par \pard \keepn \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Committee Member, Member of legislative, research advisory, membership, annual program, and short course committees, Florida Mosquito Control Association (1985\u8211?present).\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Member, Regular presenter at national meetings, American Mosquito Control Association (1977\u8211?present).\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Member, Board Certified Medical / Veterinary Entomology, Entomological Society of America (1977\u8211?present).\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Member, officer, and alumnus, National social and professional agricultural fraternity, Alpha Gamma Rho (1974\u8211?present).\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Member, Honary agricultural fraternity, Alpha Zeta (1977).\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn \par {\pard \qc\keepn {\b The Community}\par }\pard \keepn \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Elected Commissioner, Board of Commissioners, Beach Mosquito Control District (2004\u8211?present).\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Member, Florida Arbovirus Interagency Task Force, Florida Department of Health (2000\u8211?present).\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Mentor and Judge, Three Rivers Science Fair, Three Rivers Science Fair (1992\u8211?present).\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Guest speaker, Entomology presentations, Bay County, FL Public Schools, Civic Organizations, and Library (1991\u8211?present).\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Presenter, Guest speaker, Schools and Civic Organizations (1991\u8211?present).\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Interviewee, Interviews on mosquitoes, mosquito control, and mosquito-borne diseases, Local television stations (1985\u8211?present).\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Interviewee, Interviews on topics ranging from: lice, fleas, cockroaches, spiders, mosquitoes, Lyme Disease, encephalitis, scabies, and delusory parasitosis, Associated Press and Local Newspapers (1983\u8211?present).\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Interviewee, Interviewed on public health related entomology for National Public Radio, web radio stations, and numerous stations across the United States and Canada, Radio Stations (1983\u8211?present).\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Guest Speaker, Entomology Presentations to Kindergarten, Second, and Third Grade Classes, Rising Leader Academy (2013).\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Tour Leader, Educational Tours, Florida A&M University, Public Health Entomology Center (1991\u8211?2011).\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Interviewee, Interviewed on Mosquito Repellents, WMBB-Channel 13 Television (2010).\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Science Fair Award Presenter, Three-Rivers Science Fair, Bay District Schools (1995\u8211?2009).\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Interviewee, Interviewed on research at the Public Health Entomology Research and Education Center, Florida A&M University T.V. Channel 20 (2008).\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Program Reviewer, Invited committee to review and make recommendations for district improvement, Anastasia Mosquito Control District (2006).\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Interviewee, Florida Crossroads program on West Nile Virus, WFSU-Public Television (2003).\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Volunteer, Bike station attendee, Ironman Triathlon (2001).\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Interviewee, West Nile Virus and Eastern Equine Encephalitis, Local Television Station: Channels 7, 13, 4, 18, 20, 24 in Panama City, FL, Dothan, AL, and Tallahassee, FL (2001).\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Interviewee, Emergence of West Nile Virus, New York Times Television Film for National Geographic Society (2001).\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Entomological Training Provider, Insect collecting trip for 5th grade gifted students to St. Andrews State Park, Patronis Elementary School (2001).\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Interviewee, Mosquito repellent testing, Television Channels 7 & 13 in Panama City, FL (2001).\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Interviewee, Mosquito Repellents, Good Housekeeping Magazine (2000).\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Interviewee, Mosquito Repellents, NBC Dateline TV (2000).\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Entomology Guest Speaker, Integrating entomology in Pre-K curriculum, Patronis Elementary School (2000).\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Science Fair Grand Prize Judge, Three-Rivers Science and Engineering Fair, Bay District Schools (1998).\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Interviewee, Mid-day live interview on summer insect pests, Television Channel 4: Dothan, AL (1997).\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Vice President, Palm Bay Homeowners Association (1994\u8211?1995).\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Jr. and Sr. High Science Fair Judge, Three-Rivers Science and Engineering Fair competition, Bay District Schools (1994).\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Jr. and Sr. High Science Fair Judge, Three-Rivers Science and Engineering Fair competition, Bay District Schools (1994).\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Assistant Cub Master and Dean Leader, Pack 323, Den 2, Boy Scouts of America (1992\u8211?1994).\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Coordinator, General Entomology Review and John A. Mulrennan Sr., Arthropod Research Laboratory Tour, Florida A&M University High School (1993).\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Interviewee, Live interview on yellow flies, Television Channel 13: Panama City, FL (1992).\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Science Fair Judge, Science Fair, Duval County, Florida Schools (1985\u8211?1991).\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Interviewee, Health Source Program: Mosquito-borne encephalitis - the 1990 Florida Outbreak of St. Louis encephalitis, WJKS Channel 17, Jacksonville, FL (1990).\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Instructor, Hot-line Science: 1 hr. public television program on insects. Live and tape delayed broadcasting, WJCT-TV Channel 7, Jacksonville, FL (1987).\par \pard \pard \par \pard \par {\pard \qc\keepn {\b Consultation}\par }\pard \keepn \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Matrix24 Laboratories. Mosquito Control Product Testing Services (2013).\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Woodstream Corporation. Mosquito Trap Product Testing Services (2012).\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Hilton Enterprises. Expert Witness for the defense (1992).\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Florida Department of Health and Rehabilitative Services. Represented State in legal trial against one of the largest tire yard operators in Florida as related to introduction and propagation of the Asian tiger mosquito, {\i Aedes albopictus} (1990).\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Oxford Tire of New York. Mosquito Consultant - conducted specialized research (1987\u8211?1988).\par \pard \pard \par }